Patient has elevated Cr
Patient has normal Cr
Patient has elevated BUN
The patient had abnormal neuro exam.
The patient has a normal neuro exam.
The patient has an acute stroke.
The patient has symptoms of a CHF exacerbation.
The patient has no symptoms.
The patient has has coronary artery disease.
The patient is being treated with medications used to treat acute coronary syndrome.
The patient is asymptomatic.
The patient is having a myocardial infarction.
patient has a history of kidney stones
patient has no history of kidney stones
patient has flank pain
The patient overdosed on medication.
The patient did not take extra medication.
The patient is depressed.
The patient has a heart condition
The patient has normal cardiac function
The patient has a history of hypertension
Cardiac catheterization revealed no blockage
Cardiac catheterization revealed flow limiting blockage
The patient has a history of hypertension and smoking
The patient has suspected aspiration pneumonia
the patient is not on antibiotics
the patient had a stroke
Patient has delivered a baby
Patient has not been pregnant
Patient has no PMH
There is 50% blockage in the left anterior descending coronary artery
There is no blockage in the coronary arteries
The patient has a history of high cholesterol and high blood pressure
She has a history of digestive disease
She has no gastrointestinal dysfunction
She has a history of obesity
The patient has pain.
The patient has no pain issues.
The patient is hospitalized
the patient has CNS lymphoma
the patient has no neurologic symptoms
the patient has HIV
He has chest pain
He denies pain
He has a history of coronary artery disease and hypertension
History of metastatic cancer
No surgical history
History of hematuria and flank pain
Patient has cancer
Patient has no malignancy
Patient has disease through her body
the patient is an infant
the patient is aspirating
the patient is premature
Patient has essentially normal chest X-ray
Patient has well expanded lungs
Patient has early aspiration
The patient does not have pain with urination
The patient complains of painful urination
No history of meningitis
She was treated for a cardiac condition
She has no history of cardiac disease
She has a history of myocardial infarction
the patient has a history of seizures
the patient has no history of seizures
the patient has a brain tumor
the patient has shortness of breath
the patient denies difficulty breathing
the patient has pneumonia
Patient has a focal neurological deficit
Patient has no symptoms
Patient has abnormal brain MRI
The patient does not have an abdominal exam concerning for an infection.
The patient has peritoneal signs.
The patient does not have an acute intraabdominal process.
He has had slow heart rate and suspension of breathing
His breathing and heart rate have been normal
He has a history of obesity
He had pain
He has no pain
He has abdominal pain
the patient had an infection in the ij
the patient has no history of infection
the patient had a central line
The patient was evaluated by infectious disease specialists
The patient was suspected to have tuberculosis
The patient has a fever and elevated white count
Pacemakers are used for symptomatic arrhythmias.
Pacemakers are used for pulmonary edema.
Patients with a pacemakers have atrial fibrillation.
She intentionally overdosed on prescription medication
She ingested no medication
She has a history of depression
Patient has had spinal intervention
Patient has no PSH
Patient has back pain
The patient has cancer
The patient has no history of cancer
History of melena
Patient has upper GI pain
Patient has negative ROS
Patient has nausea
patient has history of cabg
patient has no cardiac history
patient has heart failure
Patient has had trauma
Patient has no surgery
Patient has knee pain
the patient has recurrent pleural effusions
the patient has no history of effusion
the patient has lung cancer
Multiple medical conditions
Cardiac function is normal
On anti-hypertensive medication
She was awake and alert
She is unconscious
She has a history of head trauma
The patient has a cardiac condition.
The patient has a normal functioning heart.
The patient developed diastolic dysfunction from longstanding hypertension.
Patient has a significant cardiac history
Patient has normal EKG
Patient has elevated troponin
The patient has findings consistent with an infection.
The patient has no findings consistent with infection.
The patient has spontaneous bacterial peritonitis.
Patient had abnormal bleeding and ultrasound
Ultrasound was unremarkable
Patient complained of pelvic pain
The patient has a past medical history of hypertension.
The patient does not take any medications.
The patient had an overdose of labetalol.
Patient has had a CABG
Patient has no CAD
Patient has PAD
The patient was started on Norepinephrine
The patient had no indication for Norepinephrine
The patient has septic shock
The patient has had concerning apgars.
The baby had reassuring apgars.
The patient was born premature.
He was able to react when spoken to
He was comatose
He has a history of drug overdose
The patient is taking pain medicine.
The patient is not in pain.
The patient has a musculoskeletal injury.
The patient had falling blood sguars.
The patient has normal blood glucose values.
The patient had insulin overdose.
patient has history of lead extraction
patient has no cardiac history
clinical team is attempting to obtain MRI
Abnormal brain biopsy
Brain biopsy is normal
Intracranial neoplasm
She was treated for possible overdose on tricyclic antidepressants
No indication of drug overdose
She has major depression
The patient’s heart rate is high
The patient is hypertensive
The patient has a history of COPD
She was previously evaluated for abdominal pain
She has had no recent complaints of abdominal pain
She has a history of gall bladder disease
The patient has a tumor which is likely malignant.
The patient has no tumor.
The patient has lung cancer.
Patient has history of UTIs
Patient has a normal neurologic exam
Patient has a neurological disorder
The patient has a tachyarythmia.
The patients EKG are all with regular rate and rhythm.
The patient has congestive heart failure.
patient has coronary artery disease
patient has normal coronary arteries
patient has diabetes
Patient has improving lab values
Patient has normal Cr
Patient has CKD
Patient has poor limb perfusion
Patient has normal leg perfusion
Patient has PAD
The patient had an abnormal EKG
EKG changes resolved with cardioconversion
The patient has a history of arrhythmia
She is a poor historian at this time
She provides a full history during interview
She is agitated
Patient presenting with penetrating trauma
Patient presents with no wounds
Patient received blood transfusion
The patient receives methadone to supplement the opiate cravings.
The patient takes no medication.
The patient had hepatitis C.
the patient has a history of TIA
the patient has no neurologic history
the patient has no neurologic deficit
The patient has a finding of possible pneumonia.
The patient has a clear chest X-ray.
The patient has a left upper lobe pneumonia.
The patient has intermittent numbness.
The patient has no neurologic complaints.
The patient is suffering from TIAs.
The patient has symptoms of uncal herniation.
The patient has a normal neurological exam.
The patient has an intracranial hemorrhage.
The patient has cancer.
The patient has no history of malignancy.
The patient has colon cancer.
The patient is incarcerated.
The patient has no history of police contact.
The patient is drunk.
There is bleeding in the oropharynx
Oropharyx appears normal
The patient has difficulty breathing
the patient has a loculated right effusion
the patient has a normal chest x ray
the patient has a malignant effusion
Patient has ketoacidosis
Patient has normal serum glucose
Patient has lower blood pH
History of gastrointestinal disease
No history of gastrointestinal disease
History of portal hypertension
patient is obtunded
patient is alert
patient has hypoxic brain injury
Patient has cancer
Patient has no malignancy
Patient has metastatic disease
the patient had a mechanical fall
the patient has no history of falls
the patient has a fracture
Patient has life threatening infection
Patient has no symptoms
Patient requires ICU care
the patient has a neurosurgical history
the patient has no neurologic history
the patient had a brain tumor
patient has weight gain.
patient has weight loss.
patient has heart failure.
the patient is recieving supplemental oxygen
the patient is hypoxic
the patient complains of shortness of breath
Patient had a negative ROS
Patient had an elevated temperature
Patient has a normal abdominal CT
Patient has an air embolism
Patient has normal TEE
Patient has a poor prognosis
the patient has tachypnea
the patient denies chest pain
the patient has a pulmonary embolism
The patient is receiving chemotherapy.
The patient is not receiving chemotherapy.
The patient has acute myeloid lymphoma.
Patient has a chronic condition
Patient has normal right atrial pressures
Patient has right ventricular enlargement
the patient had a rash
the patient had no rash
the patient had cellulitis
patient has respiratory distress
patient has no symptoms
patient has transient tachypnea of the newborn
Patient has abdominal blood pressure
Patient has normal cholesterol
Patient is on medications
the patient is undergoing a procedure
the patient did not understand the risks of the procedure
the patient is giong for cardiac cath
Patient received pain medication
Patient received no pain medication
Patient has chronic pain
Patient has elevated BP
Patient has normal SBP
Patient is on medications for HTN
The patient has experienced weight gain.
The patient has experienced weight loss.
The patient is obese.
Patient has been transfused
Patient has no anemia
Patient has an IV site placed
The patient has a cardiac condition.
The patient has no prior surgical history.
The patient had a recent myocardial infarction.
Patient has sinusitis
Patient has normal CT sinus
Patient has a bacteria infection
EGD revealed abnormalities in the stomach
EGD was unremarkable
The patient complains of abdominal pain
The patient has an improving respiratory status.
The patient has a normal respiratory status.
The patient is intubated.
Patient has hand pain
Patient has negative ROS
Patient has findings on X-ray
Patient has OND
Patient has normal O2 sats
Patient has CHF
The patient has three vessel disease
The patient has no cardiac disease
The patient has a history of hypertension, hyperlipidemia and obesity
The patient has a urinary tract infection.
The patient has clear lungs.
The patient has dysphagia.
Patient has breast cancer
Patient has no history of malignancy
Patient has abnormal PET/CT
the patient has hypertension
the patient has normal blood pressure
the patient has coronary artery disease
the patient receives outpatient medical care.
The patient does not have a primary medical doctor.
The patient has cancer.
Patient has been born with sub-par Apgar’s
Patient has high O2 saturations
Patient is a female infant
Patient has been given glucose
Patient has normal glucose at baseline
Patient has diabetes
The patient took a arterial vasodilator.
The patient has no chest pain.
The patient has stable angina.
patient has multiple falls
patient has normal ambulation
patient has normal pressure hydrocephalus
Patient has pulmonary HTN
Patient has normal CTA of the chest
Patient has RVH
Patient has an acute finding
Patient has normal imaging
Patient has a surgical condition
The patient is an infant.
The patient has exam findings of craniosynostosis.
The patient has normal development.
there is no alcohol
screen is positive for alcohol
there are no drugs
Patient has new symptoms
Patient has nothing to report
Patient has acute pain
The patient is taking medication for an infection.
The patient does not have an infection.
The patient had cellulitis.
He had a peritoneal dialysis catheter
No history of renal dysfunction
History of renal stenosis
Imaging demonstrates a narrowed angle between the SMA and the duodenum.
The patient has a wide angle between the SMA and the aorta.
The patient has had recent weight loss.
There is an opacity on the chest X-ray.
The x-ray was clear.
The patient has a lobar pneumonia.
The patient’s respiratory was high when sedation was decreased
The patient’s breathing was normal when sedation was decreased
The patient became agitated when sedation was decreased
The patient was recently born.
The patient has normal lung function.
The patient is on BiPAP.
The patient has dilated cardiomyopathy.
The patient has a normal heart.
The patient has ischemic cardiomyopathy.
The patient has congestive heart failure.
The patient’s coronary arteries are of normal caliber.
The patient is on a statin, beta blocker and ace-inhibitor.
The patient has signs of a heart failure exacerbation.
The patient has a normal heart.
The patient has cardiac ischemia.
Patient reports no pain
The patient reports abdominal pain
Patient has no past medical history
He is on a Prednisone taper
HE has no shortness of breath
HE is being treated for lung disease
The patient does not have symptoms of gastroenteritis.
The patient a serious clostridium difficile infection.
The patient does have a gastrointestinal infection.
Patient has a benign growth
Patient has no symptoms
Patient has had ERCP
She has some neurological function
She is unresponsive
She is unconscious
Patient has heart disease
Normal cardiac function
Patient has a history of myocardial infarction
Prenatal screens were negative
Tested positive for group B strep
No past medical history
The patient has stenosis of the coronary arteries.
The patient has normal coronary arteries.
The patient would benefit from coronary artery bypass grafting.
Patient has had prior infections
Patient has no PMH
Patient has a pressure ulcer
The patient has an problem causing bleeding which is arising from her uterus or vagina.
The patient is active hemorrhaging out large amounts of blood from her vagina.
The patient recently delivered a baby.
Patient has CAD
Patient does not require CABG
Patient has PAD
Patient has been started on anxiolytics
Patient has elevated Cr
Patient has good renal function
The patient had a low oxygen saturation.
The patient does not have a cardiopulmonary condition.
The patient has COPD.
patient needs cystoscopy
there is no need for cystoscopy
patient has hematuria
The patient has multiple medical problems.
The patient has no medical problems.
The patient has chronic back pain.
patient has a history of hernia repair
patient has no surgical history
patient is male
Patient has low blood pressure
Patient has a normal heart rate
Patient requires IV pressers
He has not had a fever in 24 hours
He is febrile
He had influenza
The patient has decreased hearing from both ears.
The patient has normal hearing.
The patient has conductive hearing loss loud noises.
The patient has congestive heart failure
The patient has normal cardiac function
The patient has a history of coronary artery disease
Patient has abnormal MRI spine
Patient has no symptoms
Patient has findings of lower extremity paralysis
Patient has confusion
Patient has negative exam findings
Patient has abnormal neurological examination
She is hypoglycemic
She is hyperglycemic
The patient overdosed on insulin
The patient has no subcutaneous emphysema.
The patient has subcutaneous emphysema.
There is concern for infection.
The patient had no dyspnea
The patient had myalgias and was vomiting
The patient had no abdominal pain
The patient is receiving the normal stimulation after being born.
The patient did not receive medical care after delivery.
The patient was born in a normal spontaneous vaginal delivery.
the patient is low birth weight
the patient has normal birth weight
the patient is premature
The patient had wide complex tachycardia
the patient is bradycardic
the patient has elevated troponins
He did not have a seat belt on during a motor vehicle accident
He had his seat belt on during a motor vehicle accident
He suffered head trauma
patient has no pericardial effusion
patient has tamponade
patient has heart failure
Patient has pulmonary edema
Patient has normal Cr
Patient has CHF
The patient was afebrile.
The patient is normotensive.
The patient is in cardiogenic shock.
the patient is anemic
the patient is hypervolemic
the patient is unstable hemodynamically
Patient has had an intervention
Patient has a normal coagulation profile
Patient has low PT
The patient has multiple medical conditions
He has no surgical history
He is anemic
Ultrasounds were done on the fetus
Ultrasounds show neural tube defect
Fetus has no congenital abnormality
The patient has diabetes.
The patient has adequate insulin production.
The patient has type 1 diabetes.
The patient has a history of fever.
The patient has a known infection.
The patient has fever of unknown origin.
No change in condition after treatment with diuretic
She responded to the diuretic well
She has edema
Patient has had an interventional radiology procedure
Patient has never had a clot
Patient has had PE
the patient has leukocytosis
the patient has normal WBC count
the patient is septic
the patient has multiple medical problems
the patient has no medical history
the patient has chest pain
The patient has a suspected neurological condition.
The patient is not to have a head CT.
The patient has had a stroke.
the patient has hepatitis C
the patient has no history of hepatitis
the patient is cirrhotic
Eye movements were intact
Eye exam was abnormal
Neurological and eye exam was normal
The patient had an abdominal radiograph
No imaging was performed.
The patient had a bowel obstruction
The patient has been having difficulty breathing
The patient complains of no difficulty breathing
The patient has a history of DVTs.
The patient has an inferior vena cava filter due to blood clots
The patient has no history of blood clots
The patient has limited mobility
The patient has cardiac disease
The patient has normal cardiac function
The patient has a history of chest pain
Patient has normal vital signs
Patient has not been intubated
Patient has cancer
Head circunference is average size
Head cirumference is 99th percentile
Length is 50th percentile
The patient is not able excrete toxins through her kidneys.
The patient has a normal creatinine.
The patient had an acute myocardial infarction.
The patient had a recent procedure involving his left kidney
The patient has no surgical history and no history of genitourinary problems
The patient has elevated creatinine
No recent head trauma due to fall
Recent head trauma due to fall
No recent syncope
Patient has multiple diabetes related comorbities.
Patient has well controlled diabetes.
Patient has heart disease.
Patient is hypertensive.
Patient has normal blood pressure.
Patient is on multiple anti hypertensives.
Patient has hepatic lesions
Patient has normal liver on US
Patient has cancer
There is concern for an infection within the spinal canal.
The patient has full strength in the upper extremities.
The patient is an IV drug user.
The patient received IV fluids
The patient was unable to come off of vasopressor medication
The patient's vitals were within normal limits after aggressive IV fluids
decline in mental function
Severe dementia due to Alzheimer's disease
The patient is unable to perform ADLs
The patient has benign prostatic hypertrophy.
The patient has a normal prostate.
The patient has urinary incontinence.
A dermatological condition.
The most common area for psoriasis involvement is the toes.
A condition treated with topical steroids.
He had a chronic wound on his toe
He has no history of chronic wounds
He has a history of diabetes
He has had pain for many months
He denies pain
He has arthritis
The patient is pregnant.
The patient has never been pregnant.
The patient has had a prior vagina delivery.
Patient has brain neoplasm
Patient has normal brain imaging
Patient has nodal disease
the patient has a GI bleed
the patient is not bleeding
the patient has a lower GI bleed
The patient has family from asia.
The patient is caucasian.
The patient has hepatitis B.
The pupils are constricted.
The patient has dilated pupils.
The patient has symmetric pupils.
the patient has a right subclavian line
the patient has no central venous access
the patient has poor peripheral access
Patient has metastatic disease
Patient has no malignancy
Patient has colon cancer
the patient has atrial fibrillation
the patient has normal cardiac rhythm
it is paroxysmal
The patient was being seen by occupational therapy.
The patient does not have a primary care provider.
The patient had a recent stroke.
History of cancer
No history of cancer treatment
History of non-Hodgkin lymphoma
The patient has a history of arrhythmia
The patient has no history of arrhythmia
The patient has a history of syncope
The patient had bilateral thromboses in the upper extremities.
The patient has no history of blood clotting.
The patient is taking anticoagulants.
He was displaying out of control behavior
He was behaving appropriately
He has a history of substance abuse
A syndrome where there is impaired oxygen exchange within the lungs.
Patients with respiratory distress syndrome have normal oxygen exchange within the lungs.
Patient’s with pneumonia develop acute respiratory distress syndrome.
there are no fevers
the patient complains of fevers
there is no weight loss
He had abnormal blood sugars
His blood sugars were normal
The patient is in the ICU
The patient has had chronic hypertension.
The patient has never had an endovascular procedure.
The patient takes an antihypertensive.
She is receiving nutrition intravenously
She is eating by mouth
She has a digestive disorder and is in critical care
Apart from subchorionic hematoma, the pregnancy was uncomplicated
The pregnancy was complicated by preeclampsia
The mother delivered vaginally at term
Patient has altered sensorium
Patient has normal MMSE
Patient is intoxicated
The patient does not have a brain bleed.
The patient has hydrocephalus.
The patient does not have a structural brain abnormality.
The patient required medical attention
The patient required no medical attention
The patient was unstable
The patient was given medication to stimulate stem cell production.
The patient has never had a blood draw.
The patient is donating stem cells.
Patient has severe symptoms
Patient has negative ROS
Patient has pleural effusion
Patient has an aneurysm
Patient has normal imaging
Patient has had trauma
Patient has had severe GERD
Patient has no surgical history
Patient has chronic medical conditions
The patient has myesthina gravis.
The patient is not taking medication.
The patient has an autoimmune condition.
Patient has an autoimmune condition
Patient has no symptoms
Patient has joint pain
Decreased red blood cells due to to an iron deficiency.
The condition is caused to too much iron in the diet.
Caused by a iron low diet.
Bipap adds end expiratory pressures.
Weaning a patient off of bipap means increasing the peep.
Bipap helps all people breath better during a CHF exacerbation.
Patient has narrowing of the left renal artery
The kidneys appeared normal
Patient has a history of hypertension
She was responsive at the scene
She was unresponsive at the scene
She was in a motor vehicle accident
The patient has an infected wound
The patient has no breaks in the skin
The patient has impaired mobility
Imaging of abdomen and pelvis were negative
Imaging revealed appendicitis
The patient has abdominal pain
The patient has has symptoms of acute coronary syndrome.
The patient is asymptomatic.
The patient has acute coronary syndrome.
The patient was initially treated for acute coronary syndrome.
The patient was not put on anticoagulation.
The patient does not have coronary artery disease.
Renal dysfunction
Normal renal function
The patient has diabetes
The patient has a bleed.
The patient has a high hemoglobin count.
The patient has a GI bleed.
The patient has an neurological problem.
The patient has a normal neurological exam.
The patient has had a brain bleed.
He has cancer, which is progressing
He is in remission from cancer
HE has lymphoma
She was diagnosed with cancer
She declined treatment for her cancer
She has cancer of the digestive tract
History of lung disease
Lifetime non-smoker
The patient is oxygen dependent
the patient has no uterus
the patient has a uterus
the patient had fibroids
The patient is coagulopathic.
The patient is not at risk for intracranial bleeding.
The patient is an alcoholic.
History of gastroesophageal reflux disease
No history of staph aureus infection
History of hiatal hernia
History of cancer
No history of cancer
History of seizures and headache
There is blood mixed with fluids in the drain
ICP is not draining any fluid
Patient had recent trauma
The patient was given antibiotics
The patient was given medication for pain only
The patient has a fever
Creatinine was elevated
Creatinine was within normal limits
The patient has an infection
Patient has a chronic medical condition
Patient has normal baseline fasting serum glucose
Patient takes insulin
Patient takes insulin
Patient has a normal A1c
Patient has elevated blood sugars
History of cancer
No surgical history
History of smoking
CT reveals abnormalities in the lung
CT is unremarkable
The patient complains of shortness of breath and cough
She requires blood sugar checks
She does not check her blood sugar
She is hyperglycemic
The patient is being treated increased volume status.
The patient has a normal creatinine.
The patient has congestive heart failure.
the patient has a productive cough
the patient denies cough
the patient has bacterial pneumonia
The patient has cerebellar infarcts
the patient had a normal head CT
the patient is ataxic
The patient had an arterial line.
the patient is not having her blood pressure monitored.
The patient has invasive arterial blood pressure monitoring.
History of eye surgery
No surgical history
The patient’s vision is normal
The patient is high risk for lung cancer.
The patient has normal lungs.
The patient has COPD.
Patient has acute GI illness
Patient has normal bowel movements
Patient has nausea
Patient has A+ blood
Patient is infected with syphallis
Patient has not completed her vaccines
Patient has evidence of cholangitis
Patient has normal vital signs
Patient has malignancy
Patient has exhaustion
Patient has no change from baseline
Patient has CHF
Patient has decreased arterial pH
Patient has normal A1c
Patient has fruity smelling breath
the patient had difficulty extubating
the patient was extubated without complication
the patient has copd
The patient has a suture placed to prevent cervical insufficiency.
The pregnancy is a monogestation pregnancy.
The patient will had a c section to deliver the twins.
The patient had multiple neuroligic deficits
the patient had a normal neuro exam
the patient had a cva
Diastolic blood pressure is low
The patient is hypertensive
The patient complains of dizziness
She has some neurological symptoms
She is obtunded
She had a ischemic stroke
Blood pressure was high
The patient was hypotensive upon arrival
The patient complains of headache
The patient has had a condition that causes pain.
The patient has no pain.
The patient has symptoms of an aortic dissection.
The patient has had a significant trauma.
The patient has not experienced trauma.
The patient has a bowel perforation.
Patient has hypotension
Patient has normal vital signs
Patient has septic shock
The patient has a dual lead AICD.
The patient has normal heart.
The patient has a history of cardiac arrest.
History of high blood pressure
History of myocardial infarction
She had chest pain while washing dishes
History of cancer of the soft tissues
No history of cancer
Immunosuppression
The patient has non flow limiting ICA stenosis.
The patient has no history of atherosclerotic disease.
The patient has a history of TIA.
Patient has had multiple surgeries
Patient has had no intervention
Patient has cancer
Patient has a lower GI hemorrhage
Patient has normal RBC nuclear medicine scan
Patient has anemia
Patient has normal leg radiographs
Patient has a fracture
Patient has leg pain
The patient has a neurological condition.
The patient is oriented to time.
The patient had a stroke.
An increased number of cells in the patients body are undergoing anaerobic respiration.
None of the patients cells have an oxygen defect.
The patient is septic.
The patient has B type symptoms.
The patient has no symptoms.
The patient has lymphoma.
patient has GI bleed
patient has normal CBC
patient has cirrhosis
The patient has chronic renal disease.
The patient has a normal creatinine.
The patient is diabetic.
The patient had a malignancy.
The patient does not have a malignancy.
The patient has hepatocellular carcinoma.
History of renal dysfunction
She has no history of renal deficiency
She has a history of diabetes
The patient generally feels well.
The patient has no symptoms.
The patient does not have a significant medical condition.
The patient had a problem affecting the intraperitoneal cavity.
The patient has
The patient has cirrhosis.
the patient has no pain with bowel movements
the patient has painful bowel movements
the patient has diarrhea
Patient has no sign of infection by labs
Patient has sepsis
Patient has normal neutrophil count
Multiple chronic medical conditions
No history of cardiac arrhythmia
Pt is on an anticoagulant
the patient is short of breath
the patient denies shortness of breath
the patient has pulmonary edema
Hematocrit is low
Hematocrit is normal
History of hemorrhoids
Patient has abnormal head CT
Patient has a normal physical exam
Patient has brainstem herniation
The patient has a renal arterial venous fistula.
The patient has a normal kidney.
The patient had a recent renal biopsy.
A condition that did not require treatment.
The condition persisted.
The condition was chest pain.
Patient is on warfarin
Patient has no clotting disorder or stroke risk
Patient has DVT
Patient has baseline abnormal PFTs
Patient has normal airways
Patient has dyspnea on exertion
Heart rate is elevated
Patient is bradycardic
Respiratory rate is elevated
Patient has been diuresed
Patient has low heart rate
Patient has fluid overload
Patient has dyspnea
Patient has normal respiratory function
Patient has poor O2 sats
the patient has low blood pressure
the patient is hypertensive
the patient has cardiogenic shock
The patient is pregnant.
The patient has a closed cervix.
The patient is in labor.
She complains of neurological symptoms
She was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis
She has a history of TIA
No masses palpable on the neck
Nodules palpable anteriorly
No history of thyroid disease
The patient was fluid resuscitated.
The patient was hypervolemic.
The patient was septic.
No significant family history
Extensive family history, including colon cancer, cardiac disease and diabetes
Family members have no medical conditions
The patient has symptoms of a deep vein thrombosis.
The patient has now lower extremity swelling.
The patient has has a left lower extremity DVT.
Patient has had prior interventions
Patient has normal chest exam
Patient has a pneumothorax
Patient has been sent home
Patient has start clindamycin
Patient has a staph infection
The patient has an irregularly irregular heart rate.
The patient had a regular heart rate.
The patient was prescribed metoprolol.
There is concern for an infection.
The patient has not received antibiotics.
The patient is septic.
The patient required further medical attention
The patient was discharged home
The patient's vitals were unstable
Patient has difficulty with vision
Patient has negative ROS
Patient has MS
Patient has had arterial blood drawn
Patient has not had a ABG
Patient has elevated Cr
Patient has no evidence of PAD
Patient has calf pain when walking
Patient has CAD
The patient has heart disease
The patient has normal cardiac function
The patient has low ejection fraction
Patient has emesis
Patient has no nausea
Patient has hematemesis
The patient has a history of respiratory compromise.
Patient has normal lungs.
Patient has COPD.
The patient received oxygen after a change in color
The patient had no cyanosis in the nursery and was discharged home
The patient was delievered at term
Patient has normal vital signs
Patient has tachycardia
Patient has CKD
Patient has abnormal labs
Patient has no cardiac disease
Patient has normal EKG
The patient has worsening asthma
The patient has no history of asthma
She has chest tightness
The patient was born at a low birth weight.
The patient had macrosomia.
The patient was premature.
Cardiac arrest
Patient was stable
Patient had myocardial infarction
History of COPD
No history of pulmonary disease
The patient has a history of smoking
She has a tonic clonic seizure
She has no history of seizure
The patient has an intracranial mass
History of cancer
No history of cancer or surgeries
History of smoking
No history of trauma
History of head injury
No history of bone fractures
The patient is unable to tolerate anything by mouth.
The patient is able to eat and drink without problems.
The patient has gastroenteritis.
There is a suspicion of thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura
The patient's CBC was normal
The patient has bruising on the skin
The patient has a feeding tube
No problems receiving feeds through G tube
The patient has chronic disease
EKG was abnormal
EKG was normal
History of hyperlipidemia and myocardial infarction
The patient has a pulmonary problem.
The patient has no pulmonary symptoms.
The patient has COPD.
He has high blood pressure, high cholesterol and high blood sugars
He has normal blood pressure, cholesterol and blood sugar levels
He is obese
the patient has a history of gi bleed
the patient has abdominal pain
the patient has hematochezia
patient has melena
patient has normal stool
patient is anemic
the patient has decreased PO intake
the patient is nauseated
the patient has weight loss
Troponin and WBC counts were elevated
Laboratory work was normal
The patient has a history of coronary artery disease
History of cholecystectomy
No surgical history
History of choledocholithiasis
Review of systems is negative.
The patient has chest pain.
The patient is not infected.
The patient required respiratory support.
The patient has never been intubated.
The patient had pneumonia.
History of skin cancer
No history of cancer
History of excessive sun exposure
The patient has lymphoma.
The patient has no cancer history.
The patient is responding to therapy.
The patient has previously had a bronchoscopy.
The patient has normal lungs.
The patient has tuberculosis.
The patient has no prior medical history.
The patient has a history of migraines.
The patient is healthy.
denies paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea
Complains of swelling in the legs
History of congestive heart failure
patient has anxiety and depression
the patient denies psychologic history
patient is on anti depressants
the patient is hypotensive
the patient is hypertensive
the patient is septic
Patient has no symptoms
Patient has acute appendicitis
Patient has history of pancreatitis
Patient has an infection
Patient has normal vital signs
Patient has infected surgical bed
The patient denies symptoms of an infection.
The patient is endorsing B type symptoms.
The patient does not have an infection.
She received blood tests for pregnancy
She tested positive for syphilis
Her vaccinations are all up to date
Patient has elevated Cr
Patient has normal heat rate
Patient has PAD
Patient has evidence of cancer on CT
Patient has no malignancy
Patient has metastatic disease
Infant was born to a mother who tested negative for syphilis
Mother tested positive for syphilis
Pregnancy and delivery was uncomplicated
patient has multiple chronic illnesses
patient has no past medical history
patient is obese
The patient is in respiratory failure.
The patient is breathing normally.
The patient requires intubation.
No change in vision
complains of diplopia
History of osteoporosis
The patient is not having a manic episode.
The patient is hearing auditory hallucinations.
The patient does not have bipolar disease.
The patient was started on a blood thinner
The patient received no medication
The patient has a history of hypertension and myocardial infarction
The patient has an elevated heart rate.
The patient is normotensive.
The patient had a stroke.
Patient has a history of alcoholism
Patient has a normal appendix in place
Patient has cirrhosis
The patient has a pathologic process in her left hip.
The patient has no joint pain.
The patient patient has hip arthritis.
He has been feeling unwell for 2 weeks
He had been feeling well after discharge
He has a history of COPD
The patient has AIDS.
The patient has a normal immune system.
The patient has PCP pneumonia.
the patient has a history of bowel resection
the patient has a normal bowel pattern
the patient has crohn's disease
The patient has a gastrostomy tube
No signs of infection at the g-tube site
The patient has a fever
Patient has CAD
Patient has had CABG
Patient has had PCI
Patient has chronic lung disease
Patient has normal chest CT
Patient has poor PFTs
The patient has a neurological condition.
The patient is not at risk for seizures.
The patient is an alcoholic.
He underwent foot surgery
He has no surgical history
He has a history of rheumatoid arthritis and has pain with ambulation
Patient has difficulty moving the neck
Patient denies sensitivity to light
Patient complains of headache
Patient has elevated WBC
Patient has normal potassium
Patient has elevated Na
There was hyporeflexia
Normal neurological function
History of spinal cord injury
Patient has acute pain
Patient has negative ROS
Patient has cluster headache
The patient has not had symptoms of bleeding or clotting disorders.
The patient has had symptoms of being hypercoagulable.
The patient is not on anticoagulation.
The patient is non compliant.
The patient is compliant.
The patient was prescribed a brain MRI.
the patient had a UTI
the patient has not taken antibiotics
the patient has recurrent UTIs
The patient was given medication for nausea.
The patient has not received medications.
The patient is hypotensive.
The patient was recently born.
The patient is elderly.
The patient had a spontaneous vaginal delivery.
Patient has a fever
Patient has normal vitals
Patient has infection
The patient is not taking enough fluids.
The patient has increased oral intake.
The patient has gastroenteritis.
Patient has CAD
Patient has no atherosclerosis
Patient has PAD
Patient is a newborn
Patient has an enlarged head
Patient has normal measurements
The patient does not have mitral regurgitation.
The patient does not have mitral regurgitation.
The patient does not have any valvular regurgitation.
patient has amnesia
patient has clear memory
patient has intracranial hemorrhage
the patient has Barrett's esophagus
The patient has a normal esophagus
The patient takes a PPI
History of heart disease
No history of cardiac disease
History of obesity
The patient had imaging on the heart
Normal cardiac function
History of hypertension
The patient does not have symptoms of gastroenteritis.
The patient has severe gastroenteritis.
The patient does not have gastroenteritis.
The patient has not had an episode of nephrolitiasis.
The patient has had multiple bouts of renal stones.
The patient does not have renal stones.
the patient has diabetes
the patient has normal blood sugar
the patient is on insulin
The patient is in acute renal failure.
The is hypervolemic.
The patient was hypovolemic.
The patient is not drinking as much as usual.
The patient is eating more than normal.
The patient has failure to thrive.
The patient requires medical treatment.
The patient was sent home.
The prior hospital could not provide the level of care that the patient needed.
After pacing, her heart rate was slow
After pacing, she had normal sinus rhythm
She has a history of cardiac disease
The patient is afebrile.
The patient is tachycardia.
The patient is not septic.
Twin #1 is more at risk than twin #2
Uncomplicated pregnancy
There is placental insufficiency
The patient has acute trauma with loss of conciousness.
The patient had no loss of conciousness.
The patient has a skull fracture.
the patient has an elevated INR
the patient has a subtherapeutic INR
the patient is bleeding
Patient has a chronic infection
Patient has normal skin exam
Patient has abnormal CBC
The patient was observed by EMS to have neurological symptoms
Neurological exam was unremarkable
The patient has a history of neurological disease
The patient was unable to deliver vaginally.
The patient delivered vaginally.
The patient had artificial rupture of membranes.
The patient has experienced times of shortness of breath.
The patient has normal lung physiology.
The patient has COPD.
Patient has no post-prandial pain
Patient has sharp substernal pain
Patient has GERD
The patient has had catheter put in his vein or artery.
The patient has never has his vein or artery punctured.
The patient had an acute myocardial infarction.
the patient is full term
the patient is premature
the patient had an uneventful gestation
the patient has chills
the patient feels hot
the patient is septic
the patient has abdominal pain
the patient denies abdominal pain
the patient has appendicitis
patient is intubated
patient is on room air
patient has heart failure
Patient has CKD stage 4
Patient has normal BUN
Patient has elevated Cr
The patient had a triplet pregnancy.
The patient is a low risk pregnancy.
The patient was on fertility medication.
Extremities appeared well oxygenated
Extremities appeared blue
Range of motion is good in all four extremities
the patient is not hypoxic
the patient is hypoxic
the patient is on supplemental oxygen
There is concern for pneumonia.
The patient is hypervolemic.
The patient is hypotensive.
She complains of pain
She denies pain
She has hypertension
The patient has an infection of the heart.
The patient does not have a cardiac problem.
The patient has a mitral valve vegetation.
THe patient was born via C section.
the patient was born vaginally
The patient is premature
The mother received a steroid medication
The mother received no medications prior to delivery
The mother is in her second trimester of pregnancy
the patient was hypoglycemic
the patient was hyperglycemic
the patient was confused
Patient has hypotension
Patient has normal systolic BP
Patient has not received IV fluids
patient is on antibiotics
patient is fluid overloaded
patient has bacteremia
Patient has malignancy
Patient has not had surgery
Patient has metastatic disease
The patient received steroids.
The patient has not received steroids.
The patient has increased intracranial pressure.
History of cancer
No history of leukemia
In remission
Bone marrow biopsy was abnormal
Bone marrow biopsy was normal
The patient is anemic
The patient has an upper GI bleed.
The patient denies GI bleed.
The patient is an alcoholic.
patient recently on steroids
patient has normal lungs
patient has high blood sugars
Patient has had multiple hernias repaired previously
Patient has no prior surgical history
Patient has has small bowel obstructions
The pt is taking medication for hypertension
The pt is not on medication
The pt has a history of heart disease
He was put on an anticonvulsant
His symptoms resolved without medication
He has a history of partial seizures
Patient has three vessel disease
Patient has no CAD
Patient has angina
Creatinine is high
Normal renal function
Patient is diabetic
patient has a new stroke
patient has a stable head ct
patient has an acute stroke
Patient has acute on chronic symptoms
Patient has normal PFTs
Patient has a URI
Patient has high blood pressure
Patient has normal glucose levels
Patient has had a STEMI
The patient has a wound infection.
The patient has normal wound healing.
The patient is immunocompromised.
History of bleeding into the subarachnoid space
No history of  bleeding into the subarachnoid space
History of severe headache
The patient has a brain tumor.
The patient does not have a lesion cause mass effect on the brain.
The patient has a medulloblastoma.
The patient has colonic diverticulosis.
The patient has normal bowel.
The patient has a history of diverticulitis.
History of hyperglycemia
No history of high blood pressure
Recent unintentional weight loss
Patient has multiple chronic medical conditions
Patient has normal sinus rhythm
Patient has atherosclerosis
Pt has difficulty breathing
No respiratory symptoms
Pt has COPD
There is blockage in the right subclavian vein
Subclavian veins were patent bilaterally
There is upper extremity edema
the patient has heart failure
the patient has normal cardiac function
the patient had a prior myocardial infarct
High heart rate
Vitals are unstable
History of COPD
The patient does not have syphilis.
The patient is immune to hepatitis B.
The patient received her childhood immunizations.
The patient has a gastrointestinal bleed.
The patient does not have a bleed.
The patient is hypotensive.
Patient has acute symptoms
Patient has negative ROS
Patient has fever
The patient has a bleeding problem.
The patient has a normal hematocrit.
The patient would benefit from packed red blood cells.
Patient has worsening dyspnea on exertion
Patient has no breathing difficulties
Patient has angina
The patient has abdominal discomfort.
The patient has an acute abdomen.
The patient has celiac disease.
The patient received cardiopulmonary resuscitation
Blood pressure was stable after pulse was regained
History of cardiac disease
Patient is febrile
Patient has normal vital signs
Patient has an infection
Patient has no vision
Patient has normal vision
Patient has cancer
He had ventricular tachycardia
He has no history of arrhythmia
He has a history of coronary artery disease
The patient has a shockable rhythm.
The patient has a normal heart rate.
The patient received cardiac defibrillation.
the patient has a history of pulmonary embolisms with filter
the patient has no history of pulmonary embolism
the filter is non retrievable
Patient has normal blood pressure
Patient has panic attacks
Patient has normal vital signs
The patient has low oxygen saturation.
The patient has a normal oxygen saturation.
The patient has COPD.
The patient has fluid in the thoracic cavity.
The patient has a reduced ejection fraction.
The patient does not have congestive heart failure.
Patient has intracranial pathology
Patient has normal CTA head exam
Patient has Marfan syndrome
Patient is on an antibiotic
Patient has no diarrhea.
Patient has colitis.
the patient denies weakness
the patient had weakness
the patient has confusion
Patient has an infection
Patient has normal vital signs
Patient has a UTI
The patient is able to eat and drink by mouth.
The patient is not able to eat by mouth.
The patient has had a recent ileus.
History of gall bladder removal
No liver dysfunction
Patient presents with spider angiomata
Infant emerged with good movement
Infant was unresponsive
Infant delivered vaginally
Patient has upper GI bleeding
Patient has been discharged
Patient has dysphagia
The patient has heart disease
Left ventricular ejection fraction is low
The patient complains of shortness of breath
Patient has social history of alcoholism
Patient has no PMH
Patient has hepatitis
Patient has abnormal laboratory findings
Patient has normal Hct
Patient has elevated Cr
The patient has an abnormal heart.
The patient has a normal heart.
The patient requires diuresis.
the patient has a high birth weight
the patient has low birth weight
the patient's mother was diabetic
the patient has had an aortic valve replacement
the patient has a native aortic valve
the patient had a bicuspid aortic valve
Patient has delirium
Patient has normal cognition
Patient has dementia
The patient has a history of angina
The patient denies any history of chest pain
The patient has coronary artery disease
The patient has pancreatitis.
The patient has a normal pancreas.
The patient has pancreatic necrosis.
The patient has a neurological condition.
The patient has a normal neurological exam,
The patient is having a tonic clonic seizure.
patient has chest pain
patient has no cardiac history
patient has GERD
The infant was delivered preterm
The infant was delivered at full term
The infant is small for gestational age
Mother went into premature labor
Mother went into labor at 40 weeks gestation
Admitted after 27 weeks for preterm labor of twin pregnancy
He was started on a beta blocker and diuretic
He is on no medications
He has had severe hypertension
The patient has heart disease
No history of cardiac disease
The patient is having a myocardial infarction
the patient is short of breath
the patient denies shortness of breath
the patient had anxiety
Patient was stabilized overnight
Patient’s condition declined overnight
The patient’s labs are normal
The patient has reactive airway disease.
The patient does not have any pulmonary problems.
The patient takes albuterol.
the patient has a septic joint
the patient has a normal knee replacement
the patient has positive blood cultures
the patient is hypotensive
the patient is hypertensive
the patient has septic shock
Patient has evidence of a spontaneous abortion, assuming she is pregnant
Patient has normal exam
Patient has had a prior miscarriage
Patient has no evidence of STEMI
Patient has abnormal EKG
Patient has NSR
patient has epigastric pain
patient denies abdominal pain
patient has a gastric ulcer
the patient has orthostatic hypotension
the patient has normal autonomic function
the patient has dizziness upon standing
The patient is normotensive.
The patient is febrile.
The patient has COPD.
patient has weakness
patient has no past medical history
patienthas failure to thrive
He was given antibiotics
He received no antibiotic coverage for MRSA
He has osteomyelitis
The patient has had brain surgery.
The patient has had no surgery.
The patient had a low grade tumor.
patient has twin pregancy
patient has a negative pregnancy test
patient is on fertility medications
the patient is hypotensive
the patient is hypertensive
the patient had an anaphylactic reaction
Patient has just been born
Patient has a significant PMH
Patient is jaundiced
The patient has acute heart failure.
The patient has normal hearth rhythm.
The patient has decreased cardiac output.
Patient has abdominal pain
Patient has no symptoms
Patient has GERD
The patient is awake and alert.
The patient is comatose.
The patient is stable.
the patient has a right bundle branch block
the patient has a normal EKG
the patient has a family history of cardiac disease
Patient has O+ blood type
Patient has B- blood type
Patient has no infection
The patient does not have symptoms of an acute myocardial infarction.
The patient Is having active chest pain.
The patient had a panic attack.
Patient has malignancy
Patient has normal exam findings
Patient has metastaitc disease
The patient has mitral valve prolapse.
The patient has a normal mitral valve.
The patient is a woman.
The patient has chest pain.
The patient is symptom free.
The patient has cardiac disease.
There is significant narrowing of the coronary arteries
No stenosis of coronary arteries
Patient has a history of hyperlipidemia
The patient was walking at night.
The patient was not involved in any hospital accidents.
The patient has impaired gait.
Patient has had recent dental surgery
Patient has not held her lepirudin
Patient has a clotting disorder
The patient has an ICA aneurysm
The patient has a normal carotid artery
The patient had a stroke
The patient had difficulty ambulating up the stairs
The patient denies difficulty with ambulation
The patient complains of weakness
She was exposed to sick contacts
She has no exposure to sick contacts
She is vomiting and lethargic
the patient has colon cancer
the patient has no oncologic history
the patient has widely metastatic disease
The patient has dilated ventricles.
The patient has a normal CT of the head.
The patient has increased intracranial pressure.
Treated for abdominal aortic aneurysm
No history of surgeries
History of smoking
He received a narcotic.
He received no IV medication.
He underwent surgery.
The patient does not have any obvious neck masses.
The patient a multinodular goiter.
The patient does not have neck lymphadenopathy.
Patient has signs of edema
Patient has normal chest imaging
Patient has superimposed pneumonia
Patient has renal injury
Patient has normal GFR
Patient has CKD
Patient has had imaging
Patient has no ascites
Patient has cirrhosis
The patient does not have severe abdominal pain.
The patient has a small bowel obstruction.
The patient does not have a small bowel obstruction.
Patient has chronic conditions
Patient has normal vision
Patient has glaucoma
The patient has a gastrointestinal problem.
The patient has a normal duodenum.
The patient had a caustic ingestion.
She had symptoms of sinusitis
Her physical examination was unremarkable
She had a headache
She is on pressors
She is hypertensive
the patient has cardiogenic shock
Contours of the heart and mediastinum have remained the same
Cardiomediastinal contours reveal cardiac enlargement
Chest x-ray is normal
The patient has a stable cardiomediastinal silhouette.
The patient has an expanding pericardial effusion.
The patient has a normal heart size.
The patient has a history of pneumomediastinum.
The patient has a normal prior chest x ray.
The patient has a history of trauma.
The patient had a bronchoscopy.
The patient has a clear airway.
The patient has a malignancy.
Patient has sinus disease
Patient has no complaints
Patient has chronic sinusitis
the patient is status post cardiac arrest
the patient has no cardiac history
the patient has hypoxic brain injury
Patient has had hematemesis
Patient has not vomited blood
Patient has cirrhosis
The patient is withdrawing from a substance.
The patient has no withdrawal symptoms.
The patient has alcoholism.
blood pressure is dropping
patient is hyertensive
patient is bleeding
Patient has a history of malignancy
Patient has normal colonoscopy
Patient has metastatic disease
the patient has a normal heart rate
the patient is tachycardic
the patient has brain injury
Apgars were within normal limits
Apgars were critically low
Delivery was at full-term
patient is somnolent
patient is oriented to time
patient is hypoglycemic
He received fluids for low blood pressure
His blood pressure has been high
He sustained blood loss
the patient has a foot ulcer
the patient has a normal extremity exam
the patient is diabetic
the patient has an infrarenal abdominal aortic aneurysm
the patient has a normal caliber aorta
the patient has hypertension
Patient has had arterial blood drawn
Patient has not had an arterial stick
Patient has an infection
the patient was intubated
the patient is on room air
the patient has a history of COPD
She has renal failure
She has no history of renal dysfunction
She has diabetes
The patient has an abnormal aortic valve.
The patient has a normal aortic valve.
The patient has aortic regurgitation.
The patient was on breathing support
The patient had no respiratory symptoms or difficulty
The patient has COPD
She experiences intermittent irregular heartbeat
She has no cardiac symptoms
She has atrial fibrillation
Pain is relieved with medication
Pain is not relieved by medication
The patient has a history of coronary artery disease
Patient has evidence of gallstones
Patient has no complaints
Patient has appendicitis
She has not consumed alcohol recently
She is on Warfarin
She has H. pylori infection
Patient has poor oxygen saturation
Patient has normal PFTs
Patient has COPD exacerbation
She has difficulty breathing while lying flat
She has no difficulty breathing
Imaging suggests congestive heart failure
Arterial blood gas analysis was performed
The patient's ABG was within normal limits
Patient had been vomiting
the patient has a left ventricular thrombus
the patient hsa a normal echocardiogram
the patient will be anticoagulated
The patient has symptoms concerning for acute coronary syndrome.
The patient slept through the night.
The patient is having a myocardial infarction.
The patient was unable to exchange oxygen effectively.
The patient is breathing comfortably on room air.
The patient has ARDS.
The patient does not feel strong.
The patient feels stronger than baseline.
The patient is deconditioned.
Patient has a normal EF
Patient has CHF
Patient has a normal echo
Patient has concern for choledocholithiasis
Patient has normal lipase
Patient has cholecystitis
The patient has abnormal electrophysiology of the heart.
The patient has a normal heart.
The patient had an inferior MI.
There is concern for a stroke.
The patient accepted the MRI.
The patient is uncooperative.
the patient has coronary artery disease
the patient has normal coronary arteries
the patient is scheduled for CABG
The patient has lived for at least 65 years.
The patient an infant.
The patient is elderly.
the patient recieved saline
the patient was being diuresed
the patient is NPO
No elevated temperature
He complained elevated temperature and bloody sputum
Denies shortness of breath
the patient has a dilated ascending aorta
the patient has aortic root dilitation
the patient has a dissection
Patient has urinary frequency
Patient has no thirst
Patient is taking a diuretic
She has been vomiting
She has no chronic medical conditions
She has peptic ulcer disease
The patient has an irregularly irregular heart rate.
The patient has a normal heart.
The patient is taking anticoagulation.
the patient has an abnormal chest x ray
the patient has a clear chest x ray
the patient is short of breath
the patient has a history of lymphoma
the patient has no cancer history
the patient is monitered with PET scans
History of pulmonary disease
Normal BMI
History of smoking
The patient has mitral and tricuspid valve disease.
The patient has a normal heart.
The patient has right heart failure.
Patient has no evidence of endometritis
Patient has septic shock
Patient has no vaginal discharge
Patient has hypertension
Patient has abnormal O2 sats
Patient has Conns syndrome
The patient has a central line.
The patient does not have IV access.
The patient has sepsis.
the patient has generalized weakness
the patient has no complaints
the patient has influenza
The patient was being treated with pain medication.
The patient does not have IV access.
The patient has increased intracranial pressure.
The patient is being worked up for sepsis.
The patient is hypertensive.
The patient is septic.
The patient has had prior abdominal surgery.
The patient has no medical history.
The patient takes synthroid.
The patient has a problem with hyperglycemia.
The patient’s A1c is normal.
The patient has had a myocardial infarction.
A chest radiograph performed at bedside.
A chest x-ray with x ray beams directed at the patient anterior abdomen.
Patient‰Ûªs getting a chest radiograph are unstable enough to get a chest X-ray in the radiology department.
the patient has a headache
the patient denies headache
the patient has subarachnoid hemorrhage
The patient has had prior open heart surgery.
The patient has not had surgery.
The patient has peripheral vascular disease.
He had cardiac stents placed
No history of cardiac disease or surgeries
He has a history of hypertension, hyperlipidemia and chest pain
The patient was not alert
The patient was alert and oriented
The patient sustained trauma
The patient had a condition that required anticoagulation.
The patient has never had a venous thrombosis.
The DVT was caused by immobility after surgery.
She has an artificial right hip joint
She has no surgical history
History of osteoporosis
He has black, tarry stools
His hematocrit was normal
He has peptic ulcer disease
Patient has minimal findings on physical exam
Patient has negative ROS
Patient has concern for TIA
The patient is afebrile.
The patient is febrile.
The patient is not infected.
The patient was just born.
The patient does not require respiratory support.
The patient was premature.
The patient has a brain bleed.
The patient has a normal blood pressure.
the patient is at risk for a hypertensive intracranial hemorrhage.
The patient had recently been hospitalized
The patient has no recent hospitalizations
the patient has chronic disease
The patient has abnormal hepatic fibrosis.
The patient has a normal liver.
The patient has ascites.
She has had similar episodes in the past, associated with meals
She has no symptoms
She complains of abdominal pain
Patient has chronic medical conditions
Patient has negative PMH
Patient is on medications
The patient has peripheral arteriolosclerosis.
The patient has normal peripheral arteries.
The patient has a smoking history.
Patient has increased urinary frequency
Patient has increased thirst
Patient has diabetes
The patient had previously coded.
The patient has had no history of cardiac systole.
The patient has had rib fractures.
the patient is on home medications
the patient is not on any medications
the patient has hypertension
Patient has minor past surgical history
Patient has not had prior surgery
Patient has pain today
the patient has been intubated in the past
the patient has no history of intubations
the patient has COPD
The patient’s treatment so far has not been effective
The patient responded well to conservative treatment
The patient has back pain
the patient has a right to left shunt
the patient has an atrial septal defect
the patient is a child
The patient is not experiencing pain.
The patient is not experiencing pain.
The patient had a recent left mastectomy.
History of abnormal or asymmetrical head or neck position
No history of abnormal or asymmetrical head or neck position
History of congenital torticollis
Her oxygen saturation level was low
Her vitals were within normal limits
She has a history of COPD
the patient has improving respiratory function
the patient has worsening respiratory function
the patient was diuresed
the patient has recurrent UTIs
the patient has no history of UTI
the patient is a female
The patient had a failed right lower extremity bypass graft
The patient has normal peripheral arteries
The patient is on anti platelet medication
EKG initially showed arrhythmia
EKG was normal
History of stroke
The patient has low serum cortisol.
The patient has elevated serum cortisone.
The patient is takes oral steroids.
the patient has pulmonary hypertension
the patient has
the patient has coronary artery disease
The patient has multiple medical conditions.
The patient has a normal heart rhythm.
The patient has elevated blood glucose.
the patient has critical aortic stenosis
the patient has a normal aortic valve
the patient will undergo TAVR
the patient has diarrhea
the patient has constipation
the patient has C. Diff
The patient has large bore IV access.
The patient does not have IV access.
The patient has bilateral anticubital fossa IV access.
the patient has a normal chest x ray
patient has a high white blood cell count
the patient has history of antibiotics
The patient is not throwing up.
The patient is actively vomiting.
The patient has no need to throw up.
The patient has increased fluid in his extravascular spaces.
The patient has normal intravascular oncotic pressure.
The patient has low albumin.
the patient has an infection
the patient is not infected
the patient has biliary obstruction
The infant had bluish discoloration of the skin
The infant‰Ûªs color was pink
The infant was delivered prematurely
The patient has congestive heart failure.
The patient has normal heart function.
The patient has an elevated INR.
Patient has symptoms
Patient has normal continence
Patient may have a spinal tumor
The patient is unable to move the left arm.
The patient has full left arm strength.
The patient has had a right sided stroke.
Patient has acute respiratory failure.
Patient has normal lungs.
Patient is on oxygen.
The patient has congestive heart failure.
The patient has a normal heart.
The patient coronary artery disease.
Patient has negative ROS
Patient has angina
Patient has negative exam
patient is on antibiotics
patient is not on antibiotics
patient has copd
Pt denies paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea
Pt complains of shortness of breath when lying down
Denies chest pain
The patient is bleeding from the bladder, ureter, kidney or urethra.
The patient has no RBCs in her urine.
The patient has a bladder cancer.
History of stroke
No surgical history
The patient has paralysis
Patient has diverticulosis
Patient has normal colonoscopy exam
Patient has had a colon cancer
The patient has free intrabdominal air.
The patient has no free air.
The patient has a perforated duodenal ulcer.
The patient suffered from a neurologic issue.
The patient has a normal neurologic exam.
The patient had a stroke.
She received a breathing tube
Her oxygen saturation was normal
She has shortness of breath
She has a history of heart attack
She has no cardiac disease
She has a history of coronary artery disease and hyperlipidemia
The patient feel abdominal distention.
The patient is unable to drink.
The patient has celiac diseases.
Patient has enlarged lymph nodes
Patient has normal chest CT exam
Patient has cancer
The patient has cardiac ischemia.
The patient has a normal heart.
The defect is irreversible.
Patient has bacteremia
Patient has negative blood cultures
Patient has hypotension
The patient has had multiple surgeries.
The patient has no surgical history.
The patient has a history of dental abscess.
no history of cad
the patient has cad
no history of diabetes
Problem with the aortic valve not opening wide enough.
There is normal blood flow through the aortic valve.
The patient has a bicuspid aortic valve.
The patient was responsive
The patient was comatose
The patient was ambulatory
patient denies headache
patient has headache
patient has a cough
The patient has a potential neurological condition.
The patient has had no neurological complaints.
The patient is hung over.
Patient has inflammation requiring steroids
Patient has no complaints
Patient has asthma
patient has pneumonia and pulmonary edema
patient has a normal chest x ray
patient has hospital acquired pneumonia
there is concern for cholecystitis
there is no concern for cholecystitis
patient is septic
He had no problems with urination
He has difficulty with urination
He has no history of enlarged prostate
CT scan of the head revealed subdural hematoma
CT of the head was normal
The patient recently suffered a head injury due to a fall
the patient has restrictive lung disease
the patient has obstructive lung disease
the patient has pulmonary fibrosis
The patient had a normal blood pressure.
The patient is tachycardia.
The patient does not have signs of sepsis.
Infant had a period of bluish discoloration of the skin
The patient was discharged home
Infant has a congenital heart abnormality
the patient is on chronic oxygen
the patient does not require oxygen
the patient is a smoker
The patient is having difficulty breathing.
The patient is having no difficulty breathing.
The patient has pulmonary edema.
The patient had high blood pressure in the emergency department
The patient's vitals were within normal limits in the emergency department
The patient has a history of cardiac disease
The patient does not have symptoms of a lower GI bleed.
The patient has has symptoms of a lower GI bleed.
The patient does not have a lower GI bleed.
the patient has paroxysmal atrial fibrillation
patient has normal heart rhythm
patient is on coumadin
Reflux and upper gastroentestinal bleed
No history of gastrointestinal bleeds
Presents with abbdominal pain
The patient has airway blockage during sleep
The patient has no history of airway blockage during sleep
The patient has loud snoring during sleep
The patient is on a wide spectrum antibiotic.
The patient does not have an infection.
The patient patient is hypotensive.
Patient has a terminal illness
Patient has full code status
Patient has acute symptoms
Patient has dementia
Patient has no acute symptoms
Patient has delerium
The patient has cardiac disease
No history of heart disease
History of hyperlipidemia and hypertension
She was given antibiotics
She received no antibiotics
She developed no infection
Multiple medical conditions
The patient has no history of hyperglycemia
The patient is on a proton pump inhibitor and metformin
patient has GI bleed
patient is asymptomatic
patient has anemia
Patient required medical attention
Patient needed no medical attention
Patient was in respiratory distress
Patient has abnormal arterial walls
Patient has normal LDL
Patient has PAD
The patient thought he had acid reflux
The patient has been asymptomatic
The patient has chest pain
Patient has aortic valvular disease
Patient wishes for no further interventions
Patient has aortic stenosis
Apgar scores were within normal limits
She had low APGAR scores
Infant emerged pink in color
1 liter of body fluid has been collected.
The patient did not put out any fluid over the specified time.
The patient has had 1 liter of urine output over a specified time.
Received IV fluids
The patient received no fluids
The patient is malnourished
Muscle weakness in face
No muscle weakness
Bell's palsy
no vision changes
there is loss of vision
no aphasia
the patient is a preterm neonate
the patient is full term
the patient is in no distress
Patient has prior hip pain
Patient has not seen an orthopedist
Patient has prior surgery
no lung consolidation
patient has chest infiltrate
patient has viral pneumonia
The patient is not endorsing symptoms of acute coronary syndrome.
The patient has chest pain.
The patient does not have ACS.
the patient is anemic
the patient has polycythemia
the patient is a pre menopausal female
the patient has chronic renal insufficiency
the patient has normal kidney function
the patient has diabetes
The patient has a condition that alters his mental status.
The patient has been awake and alert the entire stay.
The patient had a seizure.
After vomiting, the patient’s oxygen saturation level was low.
After vomiting, the patient’s vitals were within normal limits
After vomiting, the patient was tachycardic
Treated for infection
No indication for antibiotic therapy
Presenting with fever
The patient speaks italian.
The patient speaks english.
The patient lives with family.
Enlarged abdominal aorta
Normal sized abdominal aorta
History of hypertension
CXR indicates fluid surrounding the lungs
Normal respiratory function
History of congestive heart failure
famliy does not notice focal weakness
family notices acute weakness
patient has a TIA
He was given IV Nitroglycerin
He was given sublingual nitroglycerin
He had a myocardial infarction
Patient has had surgery
Patient has no infection or tissue ischemia
Patient requires additional deriding
The exercise stress test was positive for ischemia.
The patient had a normal stress test.
The patient has significant coronary artery disease.
Patient has CKD
Patient has normal Cr
Patient has a  brain mass
there is concern for premature delivery
the pregnancy is uncomplicated
the child has hypoplastic lungs
The infant presented with noisy breathing
The infant was breathing normally
The infant has Laryngomalacia
Patient has no immunity to HepB
Patient has immunity to HepB
Patient has group B strep infection
The patient is tachycardia.
The patient has a normal respiratory rate.
The patient is septic.
Clouding of the lens in the left eye
No history of ocular disease or abnormality
The patient has blurred vision
The patient is on multible antibiotics
The patient has been on no medication
The patient is immunocompromised
the patient has acute on chronic heart failure
the patient has a normal chest x ray
the patient has lower extremity edema
The patient is on dialysis.
The patient received peritoneal dialysis.
The patient has diabetes.
Hematocrit level is low
Hematocrit levels were within normal limits
Patient has fatigue
the patient has an nasoenteric tube
the patient has no lines or tubes
the patient has a bowel obstruction
The patient is hyperglycemic.
The patient has a normal blood sugar.
The patient is type 1 diabetic.
Patient has a chronic condition
Patient has not taken medications previously
Patient has TIA
30 pills of Tylenol PM were missing
Tylenol pills were all accounted for
Patient overdosed on Tylenol PM
membranes were moist
the patient has dry membranes
physical exam is normal
The patient has congestive heart failure.
The patient has a normal hart.
The patient is on anticoagulation.
Cardiac catheterization was abnormal
The patient has no cardiac disease
The patient has a history of angina, hyperlipidemia and obesity
Patient has severe hypotension
Patient has normal sinus rhythm
Patient has abnormal EKG
Patient has negative ROS
Patient has dyspnea
Patient has normal exam
The patient has a vertebral fracture.
The patient has no fractures.
The patient has osteoporosis.
Patient has primary malignancy
Patient has normal MRI imaging exam
Patient has new metastases
the patient has atrial fibrillation
the patient has normal heart rhythm
the patient is on coumadin
Patient has history of blood clots
Patient has normal PTT/PT/INR
Patient has had DVT
Chest x-ray was abnormal
Chest x-ray showed no abnormalities
The patient has cough and shortness of breath
The patient has congestive heart failure.
The patient is hypertensive.
The patient is preload dependent.
Patient has hypotension
Patient has normal vital signs
Patient requires ICU placement
The patient is either not able to make enough RBCs or is losing RBCs.
The patient has not received a blood transfusion.
The patient has a chronic bleed.
The patient was tachycardia.
The patient had a normal heart rate.
The patient had sepsis.
The anticoagulant was stopped
Heparin dosage was increased
The patient has a history of DVT
No UTI
Acute pyelonephritis
Normal GI/GU function
the patient has cardiac disease
the patient has a normal heart
the patient has diabetes
The patient has poorly functioning kidneys.
The patient has a normal creatinine.
The patient has diabetes.
The patient had a blood draw.
The patient did not have MB or troponin samples taken.
The patient was seen in the ED.
The patient had cardiac surgery.
The patient has no surgical history.
The patient had a cardiac mass.
Patient has history of malignancy
Patient has not had a biopsy
Patient has no metastases
the patient has blunt trauma
no history of trauma
there are multiple rib fractures
Patient has hypotension
Patient has normal vitals
Patient has tachycardia
the patient has chronic back pain
the patient has a normal back
the patient has history of spinal fusion
Patient has hypotension
Patient has normal vital signs
Patient has atrial fibrillation
The patient’s digestive tract is shortened.
The patient had a never had bowel surgery.
The patient had a prior small bowel obstruction.
Patient has a psychiatric past medical history
Patient has normal exam
Patient takes SSRIs
Patient has been placed under general anesthesia
Patient has not been paralyzed
Patient has been intubated
The patient had gall bladder removal surgery
The patient had a laparoscopic cholecystectomy
The patient has pancreatic cancer
Patient has been discharged
Patient has a normal MMSE
Patient has had a stroke
She is pregnant, and may deliever prematurely
She received no steroids
She has a history of previous premature deliveries
History of eye surgery
No history of cataracts
History of diabetes
The patient has myocardial ischemia.
The patient has normal myocardial perfusion.
The patient has acute coronary syndrome.
The patient is hypokalemic.
The patient has a normal potassium.
The patient is being diuresed.
The patient is being fluid resuscitated.
The patient is hypervolemic.
The patient is septic.
The patient has constitutional symptoms.
The patient has been fulling full of energy.
The patient has a viral infection.
The patient is acidotic.
The patient has a normal blood pH.
The patient is hyperventilating.
Patient has atrial fibrillation
Patient has normal sinus rhythm
Patient has ventricular arrhythmia
the patient denies vomiting
the patient is vomiting
the patient has abdominal pain
The patient has an infection.
The patient has no muscle aches.
The patient has mononucleosis.
The patient has pulmonary hypertension.
The patient has normal pulmonary arterial pressures.
The patient has pulmonary hypertension secondary to left heart failure.
The patient has a normal GCS.
The patient is in a coma.
The patient has head trauma.
Patient has had a fall
Patient has negative ROS
Patient has had trauma
The patient was not fully responsive
The patient was alert and oriented x 3
The patient has a history of substance abuse
The patient believes his fluid consumption has decreased.
The patient has been drinking more wanter than normal.
The patient has a dry mouth.
The patient has a urinary tract infection.
The patient had does not have a urinary tract infection.
The patient has BPH.
The patient is on medication.
The patient has no thyroid disorder.
The patient has hypothyroidism.
History of heart disease
Normal cardiac function
History of myocardial infarction
the patient has splenomegaly
the patient has a normal spleen
the patient has cirrhosis
The patient received blood products.
The patient has never received blood products.
The patient requires additional blood products.
She received blood
She received no blood products
Her vitals are unstable
The patient takes medications.
The patient does not take medications.
The patient is elderly.
The patient is hypotensive.
The patient is afebrile.
The patient is septic.
The patient is being anticoagulated.
The patient has normal platelet function.
The patient has acute coronary syndrome.
The patient was given steroids.
The patient has not received medication.
The patient has increased intracranial pressure.
She required further medical attention
She was discharged home
Her vitals are stable
Condition was throught to be due to a virus
Symptoms were thought to be due to a bacterial process
Patient had flu-like symptoms
Patient has negative ROS
Patient has many acute medical conditions
Patient has negative exam
The patient denies dyspnea
The patient complains of pain
The patient's vitals are stable
He was found unconscious
He was alert and oriented when EMS  was called
He has a history of substance abuse
patient is intubated
patient is on room air
patient has epilepsy
The patient has a pulmonary embolism.
The patient does not have a thrombus.
The patient has a lower extremity DVT.
Patient has angina
Patient has no angina
Patient has CAD
She took a course of antibiotic
She has no recent antibiotic use
She had pneumonia
patient has a history of upper gi bleed
patient has no history of gi bleed.
patient had gall stones in the past.
History of diabetes
Diabetes is well-controlled
History of chronic kidney disease
The patient had difficulty breathing
The patient had no difficulty breathing
The patient has asthma
There was asymmetry of the face when he was found
He was found sitting on the bed, in no acute distress
He had a stroke
She has carotid stenosis
She has no carotid stenosis
She has stenosis in the common carotid artery
The patient is being treated for acute coronary syndrome.
The patient is not being given anticoagulation.
The patient has coronary artery disease.
The patient does not have a urinary tract infection.
The patient has urosepsis.
The patient does not have bacteria in the urine.
The patient has been vomiting
The patient denies vomiting
The patient has abdominal pain
The patient is having a cardiac catheterization.
The patient has an obstructed septal branch of the coronary artery.
The patient does not have coronary artery disease.
Patient has CKD
Patient has normal Cr
Patient has AKI
the patient has chronic renal failure
the patient has normal renal function
the patient is not on dialysis
the patient has left hand numbness
the patient has no neurologic symptoms
the patient had an acute stroke
Patient is hypotensive
Patient has normal vital signs
Patient is in ICU
Patient has an infection
Patient has normal vital signs
Patient has sepsis
The patient has a hip prosthesis.
The patient has normal hips bilaterally.
The patient has had a total hip arthroplasty.
the patient has diverticulitis
the patient has a normal colon
the patient will be treated with antibiotics
Patient has new symptoms
Patient has normal exam
Patient has CHF
The patient has multiple medical comorbidities including subdural hematoma.
The patient has no past medical history.
The patient has altered mental status.
The patient has abnormal cell growth on the bottom of the foot.
The patient has normal skin on the feet.
The patient has a squamous cell carcinoma.
The patient has COPD
The patient has no lung disease
The patient has emphysema
She has a history of heart attack
She denies pain
She has a history of hypertension
Patient has upper gi bleed
patient has no signs of hemorrhage
patient has bleeding varices
The patient had new onset atrial fibrillation.
The patient has normal rhythm.
The patient was cardioverted.
The patient has heart failure with preserved ejection fraction.
The patient has a low ejection fraction.
The patient has diastolic dysfunction.
She had a cardiac procedure
No surgical history
History of myocardial infarction
The patient was breathing fast.
The patient is apneic.
The patient is having an anxiety attack.
Ejection fraction was normal
Ejection fraction was low
History of hypertension and obesity
Patient has low EF
Patient has normal LV function
Patient has had an echo
Patient has pre-cancerous lesions
Patient has negative colonoscopy
Patient has a family history of cancer
The patient has a history of anemia
the patient has polycythemia
The patient has iron deficiency
The patient has multiple benign tumors of the uterus.
The patient has a normal sized uterus.
The patient is having a myomectomy for fertility issues.
The patient gets tired during sexual intercourse.
The patient does not have sexual intercourse.
The patient is overly active during sexual intercourse.
The boyfriend was with the patient early this morning
The boyfriend is currently with the patient
The patient is alone
The patient requested to go to the hospital.
The patient is unable to make phone calls.
The patient was suicidal.
Patient has symptoms concerning for CAD
Patient has no symptoms
Patient has PAD
She was treated for pneumonia
She had no respiratory symptoms
She had fever
Patient has CAD
Patient has normal carotid velocities
Patient has PAD
Cardiac catheterization showed good ejection fraction in the heart
Cardiac catheterization showed coronary artery disease
Patient has a history of hypertension
Patient has been on pressors
Patient has normal vital signs
Patient has an IV site accessed
the patient has bladder carcinoma
the patient had a benign bladder mass
the patient has metastatic disease
The patient has been bleeding
The patient denies epistaxis
The patient is anemic
The patient has spontaneous rupture of membranes.
The patient has not ruptured membranes.
The patient had a vaginal delivery.
The patient underwent surgery
Surgery revealed mass
The patient had abdominal pain
She needs assistance with her activities of daily living
She can walk independently
She has a history of dementia
The patient has urinary retention.
The patient has a a normal functioning bladder.
The patient has BPH.
Normal ejection fraction on exercise tolerance test
Reduced ejection fraction
History of cardiac disease
the patient has chronic renal disease
the patient has normal renal function
the patient is diabetic
The patient has congestive heart failure.
The patient has never head surgery.
The patient takes antihypertensives.
the patient is fatigued
the patient has normal energy
the patient has the flu
the patient has altered mental status
the patient is at baseline mental status
the patient has pneumonia
the patient has weight loss
the patient has weight gain
the patient has cancer
the patient has small PEs
the patient had a negative CTA
the patient is short of breath
Patient has an abnormal pregnancy
Patient has volume of normal amniotic fluid
Patient has findings on prenatal US
He denies chest pain
He has chest pain
the patient denies abdominal pain
The patient requires MRI.
The patient has no acute findings.
The patient has concern for stroke.
Patient has no evidence of infection
Patient has chorioamnitis
Patient has delivered twins
The patient has symptoms of a congestive heart failure exacerbation.
The patient has no difficulty walking.
The patient has congestive heart failure.
Magnesium sulfate reduces the seizure risk in women with preeclampsia.
The patient is a G0P0.
The patient had preeclampsia.
the patient has altered mental status
the patient has an abnormal MRI
the patient is in delerium
The patient has an event where he was a little sweaty.
The patient has been nauseous and vomiting.
The patient had chest pain.
Patient has severe COPD
Patient has no tremors
Patient has asthma
there was a vaginal delivery
the delivery was via c section
the pregnancy is full term
the patient had syncope
the patient has no history of syncope
the patient was hypotensive
the patient has a femoral pseudoaneurysm
the patient has normal femoral arterial lumen
the aneurysm was iatrogenic
Patient has elevated blood pressure
Patient has normal blood pressure
Patient has normal cholesterol
the patient is on pressors
the patient is hypertensive
the patient is in cardiogenic shock
the patient has a hematologic malignancy
the patient has a normal blood smear
the patient is on chemotherapy
Ejection fraction is low
Normal cardiac function
History of myocardial infarction
The patient is not able to see out of the right eye.
The patient sees 20/20 out of both eyes.
The patient is unable to take care of himself.
the patient is in respiratory distress and has sepsis
the patient is bradycardic
the patient has hospital acquired pneumonia
He has a rapid heartbeat
His vitals were normal
He has blood loss
Chronic lung disease
No respiratory disease
History of smoking
The patient had a surgical abdomen due to acute cholecystitis.
The patient has a normal gallbladder.
The patient is septic.
The patient received spinal surgery
The patient was admitted on the 5th for thoracic fusion
History of neck injury
Had difficulty breathing
No difficulty breathing
Had an allergic reaction
Patient has cardiac bypass
Patient has not had a surgical intervention
Patient has CAD
the patient is a newborn in the ICU
the patient had an uneventful birth
the patient is premature
She complains of a change in memory
She denies changes in memory
She has a history of head trauma
Patient has abnormal EKG
Patient has abnormal cardiac cath
Patient has PAD
Patient has no known medical conditions
Patient has a chronic condition
Patient has no complaints
Patient has cancer
Patient has no malignancy
Patient has had a transfusion
The patient was initially being treated for a CNS infection like meningitis.
The patient continues to receive antibiotics.
The patient had altered mental status.
The patient has an empyema
The patient has uncomplicated pneumonia
The patient is septic
Patient had abnormal EKG
The patient had a normal EKG
The patient has a history of coronary artery disease and hypertension
The patient had abdominal pain
The patient denies pain
The patient has hepatitis
The patient was advised to seek urgent medical care
The patient was asked by her PCP to make an outpatient appointment
The patient complains of pain
The patient has an intracranial neoplasm.
The patient has no abnormal brain mass.
The patient has no other symptoms.
The patient has increased right heart pressures.
The patient has a normal heart.
The patient has had a prior right sided myocardial infarction.
Patient has DOE
Patient has no pain
Patient has dyspnea
The patient is at increased risk of bleeding complications.
The patient has a normal prothrombin time.
The patient has a bladder cancer.
the patient has multiple medical problems
the patient has no medical history
the patient is obese
Patient has a high risk pregnancy
Patient has not take IV medications
Patient has been given steroids
there was preterm rupture of membranes
the pregnancy was full term
it is a twin pregancy
The patient is hypotensive.
The patient is in the ICU.
The patient is has is being treated for pneumonia.
Disease often caused by H. pylori.
The disease caused by under secretion of acid.
Patient with peptic ulcer disease have epigastric pain.
there are no visual deficits
there are new visual field defects
there is arm weakness
APGAR scores were within normal limits
APGAR scores were low
pregnancy and delivery was uncomplicated
Patient has cirrhosis
Patient has normal LFTs
Patient has elevated ALT
Patient has blood type B+
Patient has blood type A+
Patient has no symptoms
The patient has multiple medical comorbidities.
The patient has a normal creatinine.
The patient has symptoms of an infection.
patient is dehydrated
patient is hypervolemic
patient is hypotensive
The patient is taking a diuretic.
The patient is not prescribed medication.
The patient has congestive heart failure.
the patient was diuresed
the patient is hypotensive
the patient has congestive heart failure
Patient has intracranial hemorrhage
Patient has thrombocytopenia
Patient has a subdural hematoma
The patient has no difficulty breathing
The patient has difficulty breathing
The patient has no medical conditions
The patient denies pain
the patient has chest pain
the patient has nausea
The patient has a serious medical condition.
The patient has is not to have surgery.
The patient has a surgical emergency.
She had frequent bowel movements
Her bowel movements were normal
She also had fever and chills
the patient had a seizure
the patient had no loss oc consciousness
the patient has a brain tumor
EKG was abnormal
EKG was normal
Patient presents with chest pain
Patient has been admitted to the MICU
Patient has no medical problems
Patient has cancer
the patient is a newborn
the patient is non responsive
the patient is full term
patient has nausea
patient denies nausea
patient is anemic
Patient has malignancy
Patient has no prior treatment for cancer
Patient has metastatic disease
The patient using a breathing machine while sleeping to maintain airway patentcy.
The patient does not stop breathing at night.
The patient is overweight.
Patient has intracranial blood
Patient has no findings on head CT
Patient has herniation
History of inflammation of the pancreas
No history of elevated amylase or lipase
History of alcohol abuse
The patient is recieving prenatal care.
The patient has syphilis.
The patient takes prenatal vitamins.
the patient has a complicated pregnancy
the pregancy was uncomplicated
the child was born premature
Delivery was preterm
Delivery occurred at full term
Mother developed proteinuria
Patient has valvular dysfunction
Patient has normal echo
Patient has CAD
there is no pleuritic pain
there is pleuritic pain
there is crushing chest pain
The patient was seen in the emergency room
He had emesis in the emergency room
He has viral gastroenteritis
The patient has a intracardiac pressure monitor.
The patient does not have IV access.
The patient has right sided heart failure.
This pregnancy was complicated by a congenital disorder in twin B
The pregnancy was uncomplicated
Twin B is at risk for intellectual disability
Patient has a pulmonary infection
Patient has not had surgery
Patient has a PE
the patient is in the NICU
the patient has no medical issues
the patient is premature
Abnormal lung function
Normal respiratory function
History of radiation for breast cancer
the patient has a central line
the patient has no history of central line
the patient has a dialysis catheter
The patient is post hepatobiliary procedure.
The patient has no surgical history.
The patient had a bile leak.
Patient has hypotension
Patient has normal vital signs
Patient hastachycardia
She received fluids in the emergency department
She was hypertensive in the emergency department
Her vitals were normal after receiving treatment in the emergency room
the patient had an MI
the patient has a normal heart
the patient has chest pain
She responded well to a diuretic
She is unable to tolerate diuretics
She has kidney disease
Patient has a history of trauma
Patient has no history of surgery
Patient has leg pain
Patient has positive ROS
Patient has no complaints
Patient has negative exam
the patient has concern for bleeding
the patient has a retroperitonal bleed
the patient is hypotensive
Patient has reactive airway disease
Patient has normal PFTs
Patient has asthma
Patient has evidence of stroke
Patient has acute MI
Patient has TIA
The patient has a biliary tract infection.
The patient has never had surgery.
The patient had gastric bypass surgery.
Patient is on beta blocker.
patient takes no medications.
patient has hypertension
The patient was hypovolemic.
The patient was hypervolemic.
The patient takes a beta blocker.
the patient has occasional blood tinged emesis
the patient has never had bloody emesis
the patient has an ulcer
PCO2 is higher than baseline at admission
PCO2 is low upon admission
His respiratory rate is low
The patient had multiple imaging studies
The patient has no imaging.
The patient had altered mental status
Patient has CKD
Patient has normal Cr
Patient has renal cancer
Kidney disease
Normal kidney function
Anemia and hypertension
the patient is afebrile
the patient is hypotensive
the patient has chronic hypertension
The patient has altered mental status.
The patient is at baseline mental status.
The patient is dehydrated.
The patient has not been taking Aspirin
The patient has been taking Aspirin
The patient has a history of cardiac disease
the patient has dyspnea with exertion
the patient denies shortness of breath
the patient has CHF
The patient has aortic stenosis
the patient has a normal aortic valve
the patient has coronary artery disease
The patient has had gastrointestinal surgery
No surgical history
The patient has recurrent diverticulitis
Patient is in intensive care
Patient has no signs of infection
Patient has kidney failure
The patient does not have symptoms of elevated body temperature.
The patient has all the normal symptoms of a fever.
The patient is afebrile.
patient is anticoagulated
patient is on coumadin
patient has a DVT
The patient is on an antipsychotic medication
The patient has no history of mood stabilizing or antipsychotic medication
Pt has a history of hallucinations and delusions
Patient has blood in his sputum
Patient has no trouble breathing
Patient has normal Hct
History of blood clots in the arm
No history of blood clots
History of smoking
Respiratory exam was abnormal
Abdominal exam was significant for pain
The patient has congestive heart failure
The patient previously required respiratory support.
The patient’s lungs are clear.
The patient is unable to manage secretions.
The patient had symptoms of slurred speech.
The patient has not had slurred speech.
The patient had a stroke that presented with slurred speech.
Patient has anemia
Patient has normal Hgb levels
Patient has hymolysis
the patient had hemoptysis
the patient is in their usual state of health
the patient has lung cancer
Patient is no longer inpatient
Patient has worsening symptoms
Patient is at home
Patient has hypertension
Patient has normal vital signs
Patient has been admitted to the ICU
Patient has had a prior coronary angiogram
Patient does not require a CABG
Patient has not had stents placed
Patient is a newborn
Patient has no catheters in place
Patient is in the NICU
Patient has chronic low back pain.
Patient denies pain.
Patient has history of spinal fusion.
Patient has a seizure disorder
Patient has no symptoms
Patient has an intracranial mass
Patient has risk factors for pregnancy
Patient has normal risk for pregnancy
Patient has abnormal fetal chromosome profile
Patient has chronic infection
Patient has no residual viral load
Patient has elevated Cr and BUN
Patient is tachycardic.
Patient has normal rate.
Patient has afib.
The patient went into the emergency department.
The patient did not have vitals taken.
The patient has chest pain.
Over the next 3 weeks, he was not ambulatory
Over the next 3 weeks, he was ambulatory
He developed bed sores
The patient is not at risk of meconium aspiration.
The patient has meconium aspiration pneumonia.
The patient had a normal spontaneous vaginal delivery.
The patient is suicidal.
The patient has no ideas for suicide.
The patient has liver damage.
The patient has heart failure.
The patient has normal cardiac function.
The patient has dilated cardiomyopathy.
the patient used tobacco
the patient denies tobacco use
the patient has lung cancer
Recently had an upper respiratory infection
She has no recent illness
She has a cough
The patient has knee joint instability.
The patient has normal knee function.
The patient has had ligamentous injury.
The patient’s ankles are increased in diameter, greater than normal.
The patient has had no trouble eating or drinking.
The patient has congestive heart failure.
the patient is premature
the patient is full term
the patient has respiratory distress
She received treatment to her left shoulder
She has no history of radiation therapy
She has metastatic cancer
He has normal sensation in he arms and legs
He has decreased sensation in his legs
He had a stroke
— Patient has an appointment
— Patient has no appointment scheduled
— Patient is often late to the appointment
The patient was tachycardia and hypoxic.
The patient had a normal oxygen saturation.
The patient has atrial fibrillation.
the patient was ambulatory
the patient was unable to walk
the patient is confused
Pt will be admitted for further testing
The patient has had no recent loss of consciousness
The patient has an arrhythmia
Oxygen saturation was low
The patient was breathing normally
Respiratory rate was high
The patient does not complain of systemic signs of infection.
The patient had fevers at home.
THe vital signs are normal.
Patient has sepsis
Patient has normal temperature and blood pressure
Patient has septic shock
Pt is no longer on Plavix
Pt is currently on Plavix
Pt has a history of myocardial infarction
The patient had a gastrointestinal bacterial infection
The patient received no treatment for symptoms
The had a recent history of antibiotic use
the patient has a carotid stent
the patient has normal carotid arteries
the patient has a history of stroke
Patient has positive findings for DVT
Patient has normal history
Patient has abnormal LE ultrasound
History of snoring
No history of snoring
History of obstructive sleep apnea
the patient has neuroimaging
the patient has normal neurologic function
the patient has intracranial hemorrhage
Patient has atrial fibrillation
Patient has norma sinus rhythm
Patient has tachycardia
The patient is septic.
The patient can maintain a normal blood pressure.
The patient has c. diff colitis.
patient has left heart failure
patient has normal cardiac output
patient has global cardiomegaly
The patient has lower leg pain.
The patient has no pain.
The patient has a lower extremity DVT.
The patient has medication to decrease acid production in the stomach.
The patient is not taking medications.
The patient is on high dose steroids.
Patient has a chronic medical condition
Patient has normal blood sugars
Patient has renal failure
History of high blood sugar
No history of abnormal blood sugar levels
History of obesity
the patient has diabetes
the patient does not have diabetes
the patient is obese
The baby has pulmonary problems.
The baby had an apgar score of 10.
The baby was premature.
The patient had recent gastrointestinal dysfunction
The patient denies any gastrointestinal symptoms
The patient has abdominal pain
Patient has a chronic inflammatory condition
Patient has not had extensive surgery
Patient has weight loss
The patient was started on steroids.
The patient is not taking medication.
The patient is being treated for an immune related condition.
Patient has been intervened on
Patient has not started IV medications
Patient has a PE
The patient has not noticed edema.
The patient complains of edema.
The patient has clear lungs.
History of high blood pressure
Normal BMI
History of DVTs
The patient has a shunt between the intracranial ventricular system to the peritoneal cavity.
The patient has never had brain surgery.
The patient had difficulty walking prior to the shunt placement.
The patient is responsive.
The patient is comatose.
The patient was found down.
APGAR scores were normal
APGAR scores were low
Pregnancy and delivery were uncomplicated
the patient is hyperglycemic
the patient is hypoglycemic
the patient is in diabetic ketoacidosis
There is concern for an infection.
There were no consults obtained.
The patient has an infection that would benefit from infectious disease evaluation.
Patient has angina
Patient has no CAD
Patient has PAD
the patient has triple vessel disease
the patient has normal coronary arteries
a cabg was recommended
The patient was given medications to treat edema and shortness of breath.
The patient’s symptoms were not treated by lasix, nitrates or oxygen.
The patient has pulmonary edema.
The patient received epinephrine.
The patient has not received medication.
The patient had an anaphylactic reaction.
The patient was planned for AVR
the patient has a normal aortic valve
the patient has aortic stenosis
The patient is volume overloaded.
The patient is dehydrated.
The patient has a reduced ejection fraction.
Patient has been given a transfusion
Patient has normal PTT/PT
Patient has a coagulation disorder
patient has surgical hardware
patient has no surgical history
patient has spinal fusion
Patient has negative ROS
Patient has a URI
Patient has normal blood work
Growth in the fetus is limited
The fetus is growing normally
The mother has diabetes
Patient has multiple comorbidities
Patient has normal MMSE
Patient has had a stroke
the patient has lower extremity edema
the patient has no signs of edema
the patient has CHF
Hematocrit is low
Hematocrit is normal
He has a history of colon cancer
there are findings concerning for down's syndrome
there is a normal physical exam
the patient has congenital heart disease
The patient complains of reduced strength in the lower extremity
The patient’s strength has been intact in the lower extremities
The patient has a history of neuromuscular disease
The patient has worsening edema.
The patient has normal extremity exam.
The patient has heart failure.
The patient has a brain bleed.
The patient has a normal CT of the head.
The patient had head trauma.
She presence of fungi in the blood
Her blood work was normal
She is immunocompromised
he has normal LFTs
he has elevated LFTs
he has abdominal pain
The patient is being given medications to great congestive heart failure.
The patient is not taking medication.
The patient has congestive heart failure.
The patient is hyperglycemic.
The patient has hypoglycemia.
The patient has type 1 diabetes.
The patient has thrombocytopenia
Platelet count was within normal limits
The patient has cancer
The patient is treated for stroke
Head CT was unremarkable
The patient has atrial fibrillation
The patient is Hypercapnic
The patient has normal breathing.
The patient is obese
the patient has a history of a fall
the patient has no history of falls
the patient has a history of hill sachs
the patient is on bipap at home
the patient has normal breathing
the patient has obstructive sleep apnea
there are elevated pulmonary arterial pressurse
the patient has normal pulmonary artery pressures
the patient has heart failure
Patient has high cholesterol
Patient has normal total cholesterol
Patient has vision problems
The patient has high blood pressure
The patient’s vitals have been normal
The patient has shortness of breath
the patient is on pressors
the patient is normotensive
the patient is in septic shock
Patient has heart failure.
Patient has normal heart function.
Patient has coronary artery disease.
Patient has diabetes mellitus, type 1 or 2
Patient has normal serum pH
Patient has elevated glucose
the patient has CNS lymphoma
the patient has a normal brain MRI
the patient has HIV
The patient is not drinking as much as usual.
The patient’s has polydipsea.
The patient has failure to thrive.
The patient is has had rubella vaccinations.
The patient’s blood type is A positive.
The pe patient’s blood type is O negative.
the mother was recieving fertilization treatment
the mother had normal fertility
there was a twin pregnancy
Peak flow was low in the emergency room
Peak flow was normal in the emergency room
The patient has a history of asthma
The patient is status post transplantation.
The patient has no surgical history.
The patient is immunosuppressed.
the patient has varices
the patient has normal portal venous pressures
the patient is an alcoholic
patient has history of cmv
patient has no history of cmv
patient has history of hiv
The patient has acute renal failure.
The patient has excessive urine output.
The patient is dehydrated.
there was fetal demise of one twin
both twins were healthy
there was twin twin transfusion
The patient requires support for breathing.
The patient requires intubation.
The patient has obesity hypoventilation syndrome.
the patient had chest pain
the patient is not on medication
the patient has a STEMI
She reports feeling tired
She denies any symptoms
She has orthostatic hypotension
The patient has multiple medical problems.
The patient has a normal functioning heart.
The patient has a congenital heart disease.
patient is undergoing cardiac cath
patient has no cardiac findings
patient has an acute MI
Patient has multiple medical conditions
She has no heart disease
She has a history of smoking
Arrhythmia
Normal heart rate and rhythm, no history of arrhythmia
History of syncope
the patient has coronary artery disease
the patient has normal coronary arteries
the patient is on aspirin and plavix
Patient has no ST segment elevation
Patient has new EKG findings
Patient has coronary artery disease
the patient is immunocompromised
the patient is immunocompetent
the patient has AIDS
The patient has an irregularly irregular heart rate.
The patient has no history of cancer.
The patient has had a hysterectomy.
The patient was on pressors
the patient had a hypertensive emergency
THe patient was in septic shock
The patient received Heparin followed by Protamine
The patient has no history of Heparin use
History of cardiac disease
the patient recieved antibiotics
the patient did not recieve antibiotics
the patient was positive for group B strep
Patient has received cardioversion
Patient has normal sinus rhythm
Patient has ventricular fibrillation
He was in pain
He denied pain
He had abdominal pain
The patient has neuropathic pain.
The patient has no pain.
The patient is having a myocardial infarction.
the patient is agitated
the patient is calm
the patient is suffering from delerium tremens
Treated with aspirin and nitrate
No cardiac symptoms
History of coronary artery disease
The patient is hospitalized.
The patient was treated as an outpatient.
The patient has pneumonia.
Patient has gallstones
Patient has normal Hct
Patient has abnormal CT abdomen
Patient has had an intervention
Patient has normal symptoms
Patient has varices
The patient has an injury to the right upper arm.
The patient has no injuries.
The patient was in a trauma.
The patient has mild left ventricular hypertrophy
the patient has heart failure
the patient has hypertension
the patient has a headache
the patient denies headache
the patient recieved an epidural
The patient has multiple medical problems.
The patient has no medical history.
The patient is on an ace inhibitor.
The patient has chronic kidney disease.
The patient has never had surgery before.
The patient has an elevated A1c.
The patient is having a myocardial infarction.
The patient is not having chest pain.
The patient is having a STEMI.
Patient has acute symptoms
Patient has normal exam
Patient has CAD
Findings of CHF.
Not a finding seen in structural heart disease or pulmonary disease.
Patients also have chest pain.
She was treated for a urinary tract infection
She has no history of urinary complaints
She had hematuria
Patient has no orbital fracture
Patient has a large orbital fracture
Patient has no pain
The patient has difficulty breathing
The patient denies shortness of breath
The patient has a history of smoking
The patient has persistent abdominal pain.
The patient has no history of chronic pain.
The patient has fibromyalgia.
The patient had emesis
The patient denied nausea
The patient started experiencing associated abdominal pain
the patient is fluid overloaded
the patient is hypovolemic
the patient is in cardiogenic shock
CT scan was abnormal
CT scan was normal
EKG was abnormal
The patient‰Ûªs cardiopulmonary system is not working correctly.
The patient has a a normally functioning cardiopulmonary system.
The patient had a myocardial infarction.
The patient has a condition of polysubstance abuse.
The patient has no history of substance abuse.
The patient has a psychiatric condition.
the patient has a g tube
the patient has no means of nutrition
the patient has dementia
Patient has abnormal physical exam
Patient has negative ROS
Patient has a TIA
History of cancer and liver failure
No history of cancer
History of smoking
The patient has episodes with difficulty breathing.
The patient does not have reactive airways.
The patient has reactive airway disease.
Patient has a PMH of drug abuse
Patient has not had surgery
Patient had bowel ischemia
Appendix was removed
No surgical history
Procedure was done  laparoscopically
She was febrile
The patient is afebrile
She was tachycardic
She had swelling in the extremities
Extremities appeared normal bilaterally
She was ambulatory with assistance
The patient is at high risk for a myocardial infarction.
The patient is has a normal LDL.
The patient had a cardiac arrhythmia.
The patient was experiencing cardiac tamponade physiology.
The patient’s heart is working normally.
The patient has viral myocarditis.
A narcotic relieved the patients chest pain.
The patient has not received a narcotic.
The patient’s chest tightness is non cardiac in origin.
The patient has a yeast infection.
There was no yeast growth.
The yeast grew from a urine culture.
the patient had an acute neurologic finding
the patient has no neurologic history
the patient had a transient ischemic attack
The patient received an antibiotic
The patient was discharged home
Pt has a history of alcohol abuse
the patient is being paced
the patient has normal heart function
the patient had a cardiac arrest
The patient has symptoms of hypotension.
The patient has full energy.
The patient has mononucleosis.
The patient is immunocompromised.
The patient is at low risk for infection.
The patient has AIDS.
The patient is hemodynamically unstable.
The patient has normal vitals.
The patient has a pulmonary embolism.
the patient is hypotensive
the patient is hypertensive
the patient is in cardiogenic shock
The patient is hypotensive.
The patient is febrile.
The patient is septic.
Patient has unintentional weight loss
Patient has a stable BMI
Patient has colon cancer
patient is being treated with antibiotics
patient is hypervolemic
patient has sepsis
Patient has new angina
Patient has no pain
Patient has GERD
the patient has headache
the patient denies headache
the patient has trigemincal neuralgia
Patient has confusion
Patient has normal MMSE
Patient has had trauma
the patient required dialysis
the patient has normal kidney function
the patient has chronic kidney disease
The patient is getting chills.
The patient is asymptomatic.
The patient has symptoms of lymphoma.
The patient has coronary artery disease.
The patient does not have coronary artery disease.
The patient has elevated troponins.
She has pain in her neck
She has no pain
She was in a motor vehicle accident
The patient has a bacterial infection
No history of urinary tract infections
The patient lives in a nursing home
the patient is hypoxic
the patient has normal oxygenation
the patient is in heart failure
the patient is tachypneic
the patient is cyanotic
the patient has a congenital heart defect
Patient had recent left hip surgery
Patient had no complications from hip surgery
History of falls and hip fracture
The patient had a GI bleed.
The patient has a normal clotting time.
The patient is taking coumadin.
the patient has CAD
the patient has
the patient has an abnormal EKG
The patient has severe pain.
The patient is in no pain.
The patient has a critical condition.
There was not a venous thrombosis found.
There was a venous thrombosis found.
The patient does not have a venous thrombosis.
Patient has a lower GI infection
Patient has normal blood work
Patient has colitis on CT imaging
Patient has evidence of pre-eclampsia
Patient has no symptoms
Patient has received steroids
The patient was born via c section
the patient was born via vaginal delivery
the patient has transient tachypnea of the newborn
History of liver disease
No history of hepatic disease
History of IV drug abuse
The patient required intensive care
The patient needed no medical care
The patient was in critial condition
Patient has been fluid resuscitated
Patient has no IV in place
Patient has normal blood pressure following treatment
The patient is in stable condition.
The patient’s vitals are fluctuating.
The patient had a recent myocardial infarction.
thep atient has coronary artery disease
the patient has normal cardiac function
the patient has coronary stents
Amniotomy was performed
Spontaneous rupture of membranes
Pregnancy was uncomplicated and delivery was at full term
The patient requires high level of monitoring.
The patient was transferred to the step down unit.
The patient is intubated.
the patient has a bowel obstruction
the patient had a normal abdominal x ray
the patient has a sigmoid volvulus
He was discharged with an antibiotic
He required no medication
He had signs of a skin infection
The patient has congestive heart failure.
The patient has normal coronary arteries.
The patient has is taking a statin.
The patient has impaired lung function.
The patient has normal lungs.
The patient has COPD.
Patient has cholangitis.
Patient has normal biliary system.
patient has hepatic abscess.
He received antibiotics
He was treated with steroids only
He presented with shortness of breath
Patient has stable appearance of stool
Patient has melena
Patient has abdominal pain
The patient had a step down in the level of care.
The patient does not require supplemental oxygen.
The patient has pulmonary edema.
patient is premature
patient is full term
patient has RDS
The patient has a pulmonary infection.
The patient has not had any pulmonary symptoms.
The patient has pulmonary tuberculosis.
The patient is not able to secrete extra potassium.
The patient has a normal basic metabolic profile.
The patient requires dialysis.
patient is confused
patient is alert aware and oriented
patient is intoxicated
the patient denies fevers
the patient is febrile
the patient denies weight loss
decreased bone strength
Normal bone strength
history of vitamin deficiency
patient had stable stress echocardiogram
patient has no prior imaging
patient has coronary artery disease
Lab findings not suggestive of a myocardial infarction.
The patient is having a heart attack.
The patient is not having chest pain.
the patient has a tylenol overdose
the patient is safe for discharge
the patient has liver failure
The patient had her lasix dose adjusted.
The patient had lasix dose increased.
The patient has hypertension.
She delivered surgically
She delivered vaginally
She had a multiple gestation pregnancy
The patient has chronically elevated blood sugars.
The patient has normal blood sugars.
The patient takes blood pressure medications.
the patient has chest pain
the patient has no evidence of bleeding
the patient has an MI due to demand ischemia
The patient has a hematologic malignancy.
The patient has a normal CBC.
The patient has a has AML.
The patient was unresponsive
The patient was alert and oriented
The patient has a history of cardiac disease
She has renal insufficiency
She has normal renal function
She is on antihypertensive medication
Patient has malignancy
Patient has no PMH
Patient has received chemotherapy
The patient did not have a heart attack
The patient’s cardiac enzymes indicated a heart attack
The patient has a history of angina
Family history of hormonal disorders
No family history of endocrine disorders
Patient is obese
He was treated with Il-2 more than once
He has no past medical history
He has renal cell cancer
the amiotic fluid was clear
the amniotic fluid was purulent
the patient has premature rupture of membranes
The patient requires futher medical attention
The patient was discharged to be followed up as outpatient
The patient was comatose
patient has abnormal arterial blood gas
patient has normal labs
patient has copd exacerbation
He has no significant changes since the previous head CT
Repeat head CT shows a mass
He has had head trauma
the patient has diffuse edema
the patient has no edema
the patient has CHF
Patient has back pain
Patient has a spine fracture
Patient has cancer
Patient has left sided abdominal pain.
Patient denies pain.
Patient has kidney stone.
Patient has evidence of stroke
Patient has no ventilator requirement
Patient has TIA
The patient had presence of staph aureus in the blood
The patient has no history of bacteria in the blood
The patient recently had a respiratory tract infection
The patient is at risk of a myocardial infarction.
The patient is not at increased risk of an myocardial infarction.
the patient has elevated blood glucose level.
He has a disease of the colon
He has no history of gastrointestinal disease
He has ankylosing spondylitis
The patient has low hemoglobin.
The patient has a normal blood count.
The patient has iron deficiency.
He received an IV calcium channel blocker drug
He received no medication
He had a cardiac arrhythmia
Intracranial bleed
Normal head CT
History hypertension
Patient required a medical procedure
Patient required no medical intervention
Patient required pleural drainage
Head MRI was abnormal
Head MRI was unremarkable
The patient has a chromosomal abnormality
The patient has an autoimmune condition.
The patient has no history of autoimmune conditions.
The patient is at risk for lupus anticoagulant syndrome.
The patient has hematemesis.
The patient is not bleeding.
The patient has esophogeal varices.
She is on oxygen
She is febrile
She has COPD
The patient had an infection, leading to disseminated intravascular coagulation
The patient had severe disseminated intravascular coagulation due to infection
The patient was septic
Patient has pain
Patient has negative ROS
Patient has toe radiographs
The patient has abnormal EKG.
The patient has an normal EKG.
The patient has an acute MI.
The patient has is at risk for blood born diseases.
The patient has no history of drug use.
The patient is HIV positive.
Patient has had hypotension
Patient has had normal blood pressure
Patient has been resuscitated
History of heart disease
No history of cardiac disease
On 2L home oxygen
Patient has acute pain
Patient has negative ROS
Patient has a fracture
The patient is an active smoker.
The patient does not smoke.
The patient has addiction issues.
the patient has a history of a prior MI
the patient has no cardiac history
the patient hasg decreased ejection fraction
The patient was in diabetic ketacidosis.
The patient’s blood sugar is normal.
The patient is a type 1 diabetic.
the patient is type 1 diabetic
the patient has normal blood sugar
the patient has an infection
The patient has severe coronary artery disease.
The patient has normal coronary arteries.
The patient will undergo coronary artery bypass grafting.
the patient was in the medical icu.
the patient has not been in a hospital
the patient had pneumonia.
The patient has hemopericardium.
The patient has a normal echocardiogram.
The patient has an aortic dissection.
She wanted to rest
She wanted to remain in the hospital
She denies any symptoms or pain
Patient has evidence of infection
Patient has no symptoms
Patient has spinal metastatic disease
Patient has normal blood pressure
Patient has a fever
Patient has NSR
Mental status exam was abnormal
She is alert and oriented to person, place and time
She has dementia
The patient is at risk for abdominal adhesions.
The patient has no cancer history.
The patient is taking tamoxifen.
He has pain in the chest
He denies pain
He has pain associated with breathing
the patient has progressive weakness
the patient has no neurologic deficits
the patient has guillan barre
A condition that leads to carbon dioxide retention.
COPD is a cardiac condition.
Patient‰Ûªs with COPD developed the condition after a long history of cigarette smoking.
Patient has anemia
Patient has normal CBC
Patient required more transfusions
Patient has cirrhosis
Patient has no evidence of infection
Patient has portal hypertension
The patient has renal failure
The patient has normal renal function
The patient has anemia
Rupture of the amniotic sac occurred spontaneously
Artificial rupture of membranes
Delivery was uncomplicated
The patient has cardiac disease
Normal cardiac function
The patient has a history of hypertension
The patient is receiving medication used to treat acute coronary syndrome.
The patient has no IV access.
The patient has acute coronary syndrome.
The patient does not have symptoms of of a myocardial infarction.
The patient is in ventricular tachycardia.
The patient is not having a myocardial infarction.
She started on antibiotics
She required no antibiotics
She has fever and chills
Her blood pressure was low
She was hypertensive
She complained of lightheadedness
the patient has depression
the patient has no psychiatric history
the patient is bipolar
The patient was not getting enough oxygen while feeding.
The patient has a normal oxygen saturation.
The patient has a congenital heart defect.
Patient has been resuscitated
Patient has no acute illness
Patient has dehydration
Patient has chronic disease
Patient has normal glucose
Patient has abnormal A1c
patient has animal exposure
patient has no exposure to animals
patient has lyme disease
The patient has head trauma
The patient fell and hit his pelvis
The patient has a history of alcohol abuse
the patient has pneumonia
the patient has a normal chest x ray
the patient has community acquired pneumonia
Patient has cancer
Patient has decreased size of his cancerous lesions
Patient has mets
History of gastrointestinal bleeding
No history of GI bleeds
Family history of colon cancer
Patient has had a stroke
Patient has normal neurological exam
Patient has left sided TIA
She is in severe pain
She has no pain
She has a history of migraines
The patient has negative blood and CSF cultures.
The patient is bacteremic.
The patient is recieving antibiotics.
The endometrial stripe could not be seen on imaging
Ovaries were unremarkable on imaging
She has pelvic pain
Presenting with hemorrhage
No blood loss
Presenting with hypotension
Patient has fallen
Patient has no history of falls
Patient has syncope
The patient has congestive heart failure.
The patient has normal heart function.
The patient has ischemic cardiomypopathy.
The patient denies chest pain.
The patient has chest pain.
The patient has a normal EKG.
The patient has a pacemaker
The patient has normal cardiac function
The patient has sick sinus syndrome
patient is hemodynamically unstable
patient has normal heart rhythm
patinet has chest pain
The patient received breathing support
The patient tolerated BiPAP well
The patient has COPD
the patient has nausea
the patient denies nausea
the patient was given zofran
The patient has had cardiothoracic surgery.
The patient has normal coronary arteries.
The patient is taking a beta blocker.
He was found unresponsive
He has no past medical history
He had cardiac arrest
Heart disease
Normal cardiac function
Treated with statins
History of enlargement of the aorta
No surgical history
History of smoking and hypertension
The patient was given IV medication
The patient was given medication for hypotension
The patient has a history of cardiac disease
The patient has an abdominal aneurysm.
The patient is afebrile.
The patient has a surgical abdomen.
He has end stage renal disease
He has normal kidney function
The patient is septic
He received imaging on the head and abdomen
He received no imaging
He was in a motor vehicle accident
Testing was done on the fetus
No fetal heartbeat detected
Pregnancy is uncomplicated
the patient underwent a nuclear stress test which showed coronary artery disease
the patient has triple vessel disease
the patient has angina
Patient has genetically elevated risk of breast cancer
Patient has no history of cancer
Patient has metastatic disease
The patient is hypotensive.
The patient is not on respiratory support.
The patient is septic.
the patient is hopeful
the patient describes hopelessness
the patient is undergoing psychiatric evaluation
The patient has cardiac disease
The patient has normal gastrointestinal function
The patient has nausea and abdominal pain
The patient was afebrile.
The patient was febrile.
The patient is intubated.
He started Carbidopa/levodopa at that time
He is on no medication
He was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease
He experienced cessation of heart function
His vitals remained stable
History of cardiac disease
Patient requires CABG
Patient has normal coronaries
Patient has CAD
The patient maintained normal mentation.
The patient has delirium.
The patient is elderly.
The patient has mild pulmonary edema.
The patient’s lungs are clear.
The patient has shortness of breath.
The patient has atrial fibrillation.
The patient has normal heart rhythm.
The patient is anticoagulated.
The patient has degenerative changes to the spine.
The patient has never had abdominal surgery.
The patient takes chronic pain medication.
Patient has multiple comorbidities
Patient has no past medical history
Patient has CAD
Patient has atherosclerosis
Patient has no stroke risk factors
Patient has CAD
There is concern for CMV.
The viral load is high.
CMV antibodies are positive.
The patient has a dilated aorta that is at high risk for rupture.
The patient has no history of malignancy.
The patient has a history of smoking.
He was offered treatment
Repair was not recommended
He is symptomatic
The patient has a dilated abdominal aorta.
The patient has widely patent coronary arteries.
The patient takes blood pressure medication.
Patient has negative imaging
Patient has a large LLL pneumonia
Patient has EKG findings
the patient is compliant
the patient is non compliant
the patient is undergoing a transplant
The patient's bone marrow transplant was complicated by graft vs host disease.
The patient has never had cancer.
The patient is immunosuppressed.
Patient has elevated LDL
Patient has no prior intervention
Patient has low HDL
the left vertebral artery is not seen
the left vertebral artery is seen
the left vertebral artery is dissected
The mother is not a carrier of group B strep
The mother is colonized with group B strep bacteria
The delivery was at full term
The patient is having a pain problem.
The patient has no pain.
The patients pain is not bad enough to warrant acute evaluation.
the patient is hypoxic
the patient is not hypoxic
the patient has heart failure
The patient has symptoms of acute coronary syndrome.
The patient has no complaints of chest pain.
The patient has coronary artery disease.
there is leptomenineal enhancement
there is no abnormal enhancement in the brain
the patient has meningitis
the patient did not lose conciousness
the patient lost conciousness
the patient had trauma
He was on antibiotics
No history of gastrointestinal dysfunction
He had recent diarrhea, fever and abdominal pain
The patient has a condition that requires gastroenterology evaluation.
The patient is being seen in the outpatient setting.
The patient has acute hepatitis.
The patient is being worked up for a GI bleed.
The patient does not have gastritis.
The patient has a history of alcohol abuse.
Patient has evidence of stroke
Patient has normal neurological exam
Patient has had a TIA
Patient has prior imaging
Patient has no prior CT exam
Patient has renal stones
The patient has symptoms concerning acute coronary syndrome.
The patient has normal kidney function.
The patient has coronary artery disease.
The patient was in cardiac arrest.
The patient has pulseless electrical activity.
The patient had a myocardial infarction.
the patient has dyspnea
the patient denies shortness of breath
the patient had a PE
The patient has an cognitive disorder.
The patient has normal cardiac function.
The patient has an autoimmune condition.
The patient was given treatment for toxoplasmosis.
The patient was not given anti fungal medication.
The patient has neurotoxoplasmosis.
The mother tested negative for syphilis
The mother tested positive for syphilis
The mother has no family history of congenital disorders
The patient received antibiotics.
The patient has a normal blood pressure.
The patient is septic.
The patient has antibodies against the Rh antigen.
The mother has had syphilis exposure.
The patient has had a prior gestation.
the patient is hypertensive
the patient is hypotensive
the patient has chronic hypertension
The patient had a procedure to help with urination.
The patient has a normal prostate.
The patient has pressure incontinence.
The patient has an autoimmune disease.
The patient has no autoimmune disease.
The patient has pulmonary sarcoidosis.
Patient has started to code
Patient has an abnormal EKG
Patient has ventricular fibrillation
The patient has had multiple strokes.
The patient has no atherosclerotic disease.
The patient had significant carotid artery atherosclerotic disease.
History of hip surgery
No surgical history
History of osteoarthritis
The patient was given an anticoagulant.
The patient has a low wells score.
The patient has chest pain and shortness of breath.
The patient was given antibiotics.
The patient is on long term antibiotics.
The patient had a UTI.
the patient had normal vitals
the patient is hemodynamically unstable
the patient complains of chest pain
History of congestive heart failure
Normal cardiac function
History of hypertension
The patient’s symptoms improved with treatment
No improvement in pain after treatment
History of heart disease
the patient has an abnormal EKG
the patient has a normal ekg
the patient has chest pain
The patient does not have an identifiable infection.
The patient has bacteremia.
The patient does not have bacteremia.
the patient has right lower lobe pneumonia
the patient has a normal chest x ray
the patient has community acquired pneumonia
Patient has a fever
Patient is afebrile
Patient has pain
A disease that can be caused by cigarette smoking.
With COPD, patients have normal lung function.
Patients develop COPD by smoking cigarettes for many years.
Patient has abnormal PFTs
Patient has normal lung parenchyma
Patient has trouble breathing
History of lung disease
Normal respiratory function
Patient is on home oxygen
the patient has COPD
the patient has normal pulmonary function tests
the patient is a smoker
The patient has chronic lung disease
The patient has no history of lung disease
The patient is oxygen dependent
the patient is on lactulose
the patient is not on lactulose
the patient has hepatic encephelopathy
Patient has aortic stenosis
Patient has normal CTA cardiac
Patient has mitral stenosis
patient was admitted to hospital
patient has felt better since discharge
patient was discharged on antibiotics
History of abnormal urinary analysis
No history of urinary tract problems
History of pyelonephritis
The patient has multiple medical conditions
The patient has no significant medical history
The patient has confusion
Patient has a significant PMH
Patient has no PMH
Patient has cancer
Patient is a newborn
Patient has worsening Apgar’s
Patient has a congenital heart defect
Work-up for acute coronary syndrome
Cardiac function was normal
History of hypertension
The patient's symptoms did not improve with medication.
The patient responded to medication.
The patient has angina.
The patient had a cardiac catheterization.
The patient had not had a cardiac catheterization.
The patient has three vessel coronary artery disease.
the patient is sterile
the patient has no surgical history
the patient has children
The patient is having difficulty breathing.
The patient is on room air.
The patient would benefit from Lasix.
She was on medication
She has no history of antibiotic use
She had a UTI
She complains of night sweats
She denies night sweats
She complains of chills
the patient has an intracranial mass
the patient has a normal head CT
the patient has GBM
The baby is at risk for group B strep infection.
The baby is not at risk for GBS bacteremia.
The baby has GBS sepsis.
Patient has a surgical disease
Patient has no infection
Patient has IBD
The patient has symptoms concerning for acute myocardial infarction.
The patient has no symptoms of acute coronary syndrome.
The patient has EKG abnormalities.
The patient has a cardiac issue.
The patient has a normal heart.
The patient has aortic stenosis.
the patient was treated with positive pressure ventilation
the patient did not require resuscitation
the patient is premature
She was treated for breast cancer
No history of cancer
Family history of breast cancer
patient has ankle swelling
patient has no ankle swelling
patient has heart failure
The patient has ischemia without infarct.
The patient denies chest pain.
The patient has diabetes.
Patient has intracranial findings
Patient has a normal neurological exam
Patient has abnormal head CT
Patient has atherosclerosis
Patient has normal arteries
Patient has CAD
Atherosclerosis in the vessels
No history of vessel disease
History of diabetes
Narrowed blood vessels in the extremities
No history of vascular disease
History of hyperlipidemia
Narrowing of the vessels
No history of vessel disease
Complains of claudication
The patient has multiple medical problems.
The patient has normal cardiac rhythm.
The patient has coronary artery disease.
The patient has an elevated CPK.
The patient has a normal CPK.
The patient has a myocardial infarct.
Abnormalities were found in his pancreas and liver
No masses were found on imaging
He has metastatic cancer
Patient has cerebral ischemia
Patient has normal brain MRI
Patient has prior TIA
Patient has extensive surgical history
Patient has normal GFR
Patient has CKD stage 5
Patient did not require an intervention for ROM
Patient has not been pregnant
Patient has delivered twins
Rupture of the amniotic sac occurred shortly before delivery
Rupture of membranes was preterm and premature
Delivery was uncomplicated
patient has genital infection
patient has a normal dermatologic exam
patient is hemodynamically unstable
Patient has abnormal CT scan
Patient has a normal appearance of the liver on CT
Patient has HCC
The patient has a history of pulmonary embolism.
The patient has no history of pulmonary embolism.
The patient is anti coagulated.
Blood gases were taken
Blood gases were not taken
Respiratory rate is high
Patient was found in emergent condition
Patient has normal CT torso
Patient had fallen
The patient is not allowed to take anything by mouth.
The patient is eating by mouth.
The patient is to have a surgery.
The patient has pain.
The patient denies pain.
The patient has abdominal pain.
The patient is having myocardial ischemia.
The patient has not experienced heart damage.
The patient has coronary artery disease.
Patient is status post ORIF
Patient has no acute or chronic fracture
Patient has prior leg pain
Patient has positive ROS
Patient has negative history
Patient has angina
the patient has HIV
the patient has a normal immune system
the patient is on HAART
patient has no PE
patient has acute PE
patient has congestive heart failure
She requires further treatment
She was discharged from the hospital
She has chronic disease
the patient is undergoing cardiac cath
the patient has no cardiac issues
the patient has a STEMI
patient had an LP
patient has no neurologic complaints
patient is confused
Patient has had trauma
Patient has normal MMSE
Patient has intracranial findings on MRI
Patient has no fever
Patient is febrile
Patient has normal vital signs
Patient has been in a trauma
Patient has a cervical spine fracture
Patient was in a motor vehicle accident
the patient has no history of coronary artery disease
the patient has a cardiac history
the patient has chest pain
The patient has a cough.
The patient denies cough.
The patient has pneumonia.
He presented with an elevated temperature
He has been afebrile
He is tachycardic
She was treated with an antibiotic
She receive no treatment for her symptoms
She was treated for pneumonia
The patient is being treated for migraines.
The patient does not get headaches.
The patient is taking a triptan.
The patient requires additional ventillary support.
The patient does not have breathing issues.
The patient was placed on BiPAP.
The patient had a high heart rate
The patient was bradycardic
The patient was tachycardic
the patient has normal blood sugar
the patient has diabetes
the patient is normal weight
The patient has had inflammation in the pancreas.
The patient has never had any abnormal swelling in the pancreas.
The patient is an alcoholic.
Patient has frequent bowel movements
The patient has constipation
Patient has irritable bowel syndrome
The patient has had prior pelvic surgery.
The patient is cognitively normal.
The patient has sick sinus syndrome.
EKG revealed left bundle branch block
EKG revealed ischemia
The patient denies chest pain
The patient uses alcohol and marijuana.
The patient denies alcohol use.
The patient is a tobacco smoker.
Patient has evidence of intraabdominal infection
Patient has normal abdominal imaging
Patient has appendicitis
He had an arrhythmia
He has normal cardiac function
He has a history of hypertension
She is pregnant
Her exam revealed no dilation
Her pregnancy is at full term
the patient is hypertensive
the patient is hypotensive
the patient is confused
The patient is pregnant
The patient is normotensive
The patient has proteinuria
She has a history of hyperglycemia
She has no past medical history
She has a history of diabetic ketoacidosis
He has an elevated temperature
He is afebrile
He has a viral illness
The patient requires supplemental oxygen.
The patient has normal lung function.
The patient has COPD.
History of heart disease
Normal cardiac function, no evidence of plaque in coronary arteries
History of hyperlipidemia and hypertension
A disease that involves calcium deposition within the arterial intima.
A disease that is prevented by hyperglycemia.
A patient with coronary artery disease will have an acute myocardial infarction.
the patient has a history of coronary artery disease
the patient has normal coronary arteries
the patient has diabetes
She has overdosed on medication
She has normal renal function
She is malnourished
The patient has a congenitally abnormal heart valve.
The patient has normal heart valves.
The patient takes blood pressure medications.
Patient has fatigue
Patient has normal labs
Patient has CKD
The patient had an elevated heart rate.
The patient had a irregular heart beat.
The patient received a defibrillation.
The patient was found in a compromising position
The patient was found ambulating in the home
The patient suffered a fall
Patient has heart failure.
Patient has normal cardiac function.
Patient has cardiomegaly.
Treatment was stopped due to abnormal mental status
Patient had normal mental status exam
The patient has a cranial bleed
Patient has low O2 sat
Patient has normal vital signs
Patient has tetralogy of fallot
Patient has malignancy
Patient has local disease only
Patient has breast cancer
The patient will be evaluated by orthopedics
The patient has no orthopedic issues or complaints
The patient had a hip fracture
Patient is hypoxic.
Patient has normal oxygen.
Patient has PE.
Mild aortic stenosis
Severe aortic stenosis
The patient is asymptomatic
History of hip surgery
No surgical history
History of low back pain
Oxygen saturation was low
Vitals were within normal limits
The patient was unresponsive
Patient has CAD
Patient has no atherosclerosis
Patient has PAD
Patient has CAD
Patient has normal coronary arteries
Patient has had angiography
Patient requires resuscitation
Patient has no IV site placed
Patient has hyperglycemia
The patient had a cardiac procedure
The patient tolerated the procedure well and had no complications
The patient had a heart attack
the patient has a history of prostate cancer
the patient has a normal prostate
the patient has metastatic disease
the patient has cardiac ischemia
the patient has no evidence of cardiac disease
thep patient has ST elevations on EKG
Patient has a chronic medical condition
Patient has normal cholesterol
Patient has lung cancer
the patient has monoclonal gammopathy
the patient has a normal blood smear
the patient is on chemotherapy
He required breathing assistance
His respiratory rate was normal
His oxygen saturation was low
The patients small bowel is dilated.
The patient does not have a bowel obstruction.
The patient has a small bowel obstruction caused by malignancy.
the patient has left lower quadrant pain
the patient denies pain
the patient has diverticulitis
The patient has multiple medical comorbidities.
The patient has no chronic medical illnesses.
The patient is immunocompromised secnodary to medications.
He has low hemoglobin levels
He has normal blood counts
He has pallor
patient has low rbc count
patient has polycythemia
patient has upper gi bleed
The patient received antibiotics for possible infection
No medications were given
The patient is immunocompromised
The patient had coronary artery disease.
The patient has normal coronary arteries.
The patient had chest pain.
He had a high respiratory rate
His respiratory rate was normal
His oxygen saturation levels were low
The patient underwent imaging of the cervical spine
The patient had no imaging on the cervical spine
The patient has neck pain
Patient's respiratory rate is high
Patient has a normal respiratory rate
Patient has a pulmonary embolism
The patient has a low serum potassium.
The patient has elevated serum potassium.
The patient has an inflammatory bowel disease.
The patient has chronic heart dysfunction.
The patient has normal cardiac function.
The patient has coronary artery disease.
Patient denies abnormal heartbeat
Patient complains of shortness of breath when lying flat
EKG is normal
The patient has a neurological problem.
The patient is cognitively intact.
The patient has as has a recent stroke.
the patient has an abdominal aortic aneurysm
the patient has a normal abdominal aorta
the patient is a male smoker
Patient has an IV line in place
Patient has normal CBC
Patient has infection
Patient has an enlarging palpable mass
Patient has negative physical exam
Patient has a coagulation disorder
The patient trouble maintaining stable blood glucose levels.
The patient has never had a seizure.
The patient has diabetes.
The patient has internal vascular monitoring.
The patient has reduced central venous pressure.
The patient has pulmonary edeama.
Treatment for a newborn infant
Newborn did not need oxygen delivery
Infant is preterm
The patient had an upper endoscopy.
The patient has not had a procedure.
The patient has a peptic ulcer.
the patient experienced a significant trauma.
The patient did not experience a trauma.
The patient has a broken extremity.
The patient does not have severe aortic stenosis.
The patient has severe aortic stenosis.
The patient does not have aortic stenosis.
Patient has elevated PSA
Patient has normal PSA
Patient has prostate cancer
He is being treated with antibiotics
No history of skin infection
He is diabetic
Hematocrit decreased since last discharge
Hematocrit is normal
He has a gastrointestinal bleed
Temperature is normal
Flu-like symptoms
No recent pneumonia
the patient recieved iv fluids
the patient did no recieve fluids
the patient was hypotensive
The patient has chronic inflammation in the colon.
The patient has not had abdominal surgery.
The patient has a stoma.
The patient has intermittent blood draws.
The patient does not get regular blood draws.
The patient has polycythemia.
The patient’s baseline white blood cell count is high
The patient’s white blood cell count is within normal range
The patient complains of fever
The infant was born pre-term
The infant was born full term
The pregnancy and delivery were uncomplicated
patient has low birth weight
patient has normal birth weight
patient was delivered via C section
the patient has a history of gi bleed
the patient denies history of gi bleed
the patient has melena
the patient has throat pain when swallowing
the patient has weight gain
the patient has a history of radiation therapy
Patient has an intracranial lesion
Patient has normal brain MRI
Patient has brain cancer
The patient has symptoms of an arrhythmia.
The patient has chest pain.
The patient has atrial fibrillation.
He suffered a fall
He has no history of lightheadedness of loss of consciousness
He suffered a fracture
the patient is hypertensive
the patient has normal blood pressure
the patient has intracranial hemorrhage
The patient is having a myocardial infarction.
The patient has normal coronary arteries.
The patient has coronary artery disease.
Patient has pneumonia
Patient has no dyspnea
Patient has COPD
The patient has respiratory failure.
The patient has normal breathing.
The patient has a pulmonary embolism.
The patient has vomiting a symptom.
The patient has no recent history of vomiting.
The patient has a gastrointestinal illness.
The patient’s pCO2 is low
The ABG was within normal limits
The patient’s vitals were abnormal
the patient has nausea
the patient is not on any medications
the patient has cancer
The patient’s intravascular sodium content was too low.
The patient normal serum osmolarity.
The patient has congestive heart failure.
She has cancer
No history of cancer of renal dysfunction
She has non-Hodgkin lymphoma
The patient requires evaluation in the ED.
The patient was only evaluated as an outpatient.
The patient is having chest pain.
The patient has multiple medical conditions
No surgical history
The patient uses a CPAP machine at night
Patient has chronic alcoholism
Patient has a high global assessment of function
Patient has cirrhosis
The patient has congestive heart failure.
The patient has a normal aortic valve.
The patient has dyspnea on exertion.
The patient is intubated.
The patient has a normal respiratory status.
The patient is in respiratory failure.
Reports presyncope
Denies feeling dizzy or faint
History of anemia
Pt is on steroid medication
No history of inflammatory disease
Pt has history of joint pain
Patient cannot give a history
Patient has normal MMSE
Patient has alternated mental status
the patient is on oral hypoglycemics
the patient does not have diabetes
the patient is obese
the patient was given antibiotics
The patient received no medication
The patient was febrile
Vitals in the ED were stable
Vitals were unstable
Respiratory rate was within normal limits
The patient has mild aortic regurgitation.
The patient has a normal sized heart.
The patient has aortic valve calcifications.
the patient is on palliative treatment
the patient has no medical problems
the patient has cancer
Patient has had a cardiac arrest
Patient has always been in NSR
Patient has intermittent angina
Patient has had recent trauma
Patient has no CKD
Patient has chronic medical conditions
The patient has a problem maintaining inter vascular volume.
The patient would benefit from IV hydrazine.
The patient is septic.
The patient has congestive heart failure.
the patient does not require medications.
The patient is a hippie.
Patient has had surgery
Patient has no abdominal scar
Patient has RUQ pain
Removal of gall bladder
Gall bladder is intact
History of cholecystitis
the patient had a cholecystectomy
the patient has a gallbladder
the patient has abdominal pain
History of gall bladder removal
No surgical history
Patient is obese
the patient has pain
the patient denies pain
the patient had an MVA
Patient has sepsis
Patient does not require antibiotics
Patient is in septic shock
He was treated for a seizures
No history of seizures
The patient has had recurrent seizures
The patient had a failed ERCP.
The patient had an ERCP.
The patient had abdominal pain.
He requires surgery
He was admitted to the medical floor
History of coronary artery disease
The patient has altered mental status.
The patient is afebrile.
The patient has an infection causing the altered mental status.
the patient had polio
the patient has no history of polio
the patient has abnormal gait
The patient has end stage renal disease.
The patient has normal kidneys.
The patient has diabetes.
Patient has dyspnea with exertion
Patient has normal cardiopulmonary function
Patient has CHF
the patient has a feeding tube
the patient tolerates an oral diet
the patient had a stroke
The patient was admitted for pneumonia
The patient is afebrile
The patient's oxygen saturation levels are low
The patient will have open heart surgery.
The patient has a normal heart.
The patient has congestive heart failure.
The patient has symptoms of acute coronary syndrome.
The patient no symptoms of a cardiac condition.
The patient is having an acute myocardial infarction.
He has a history of seizures
He suffers from seizures frequently
He has a history of head injury
The patient has previously had surgery.
The patient has not had surgery.
The patient was pregnant.
Patient has fallen
Patient has normal strength
Patient has a head laceration
She has a history of renal failure
She has no recent syncope or trauma
She sustained a head injury
Patient has evidence of URI
Patient has no signs of acute infection
Patient has a bacterial infection
The patient has coronary artery stents.
The patient has normal coronary arteries.
The patient has chest pain.
The patient had a condition causing her blood pressure to be too low.
The patient is hypertensive.
The patient was septic.
The patient experienced a trauma.
The patient has not had a trauma.
The patient has a fracture.
the patient has an ASD
the patient has no cardiac malformations
the patient has a septum secundum ASD
The patient is hypotensive.
The patient is hypertensive.
The patient has large volume ascites.
Patient has a benign condition
Patient has no symptoms
Patient has prostate cancer
Enlarged prostate
No prostate enlargement
History of urinary retention
Patient has BPH.
patient has normal size prostate
patient has bladder outlet obstruction.
The patient has findings concerning for an infection.
The patient has a normal white count.
The patient is septic.
Ejection fraction from the echo was normal
The patient has aortic stenosis
The patient has a history of hypertension
Patient is status post procedure
Patient has had no interventions
Patient has an ICD
The patient does not use Warfarin.
The patient takes coumadin.
The patient has a normal INR.
Vitamin dosage of once per day.
The dosage is twice a day.
The vitamin is a prenatal vitamin.
the patient had a non reactive fetal heart tracing
the patient has a normal fetal heart rate tracing
baby is hypoxic
He was previously taking an anticoagulant
He is currently on Lovenox
He has a history of DVT
The patient has decreased mesenteric venous return through the liver.
The patient has no history of malignancy.
The patient is taking propranolol.
The infant has reassuring apgars.
The patient has concerning apgars.
The patient was born in a normal spontaneous vaginal delivery.
Apgars were normal
Apgars were critically low
The infant was delivered preterm
The patient has had a prior chest radiograph.
The patient has never had a prior chest radiograph.
The patient has clear lungs.
Decreased renal function
Normal renal function
Hypertension
Patient has chronic outlet obstruction
Patient has negative PSH
Patient has thyroid carcinoma
patient has a history of hypertension
the patient has no medical history
the patient is on anti hypertensive medication
The patient has non alcoholic fatty liver disease
The patient has normal liver function
The patient has a history of morbid obesity
Pregnancy had no complications
Pregnancy was complicated by premature rupture of membranes
Infant delivered vaginally
The patient is hemodynamically unstable.
the patient has normal heart function
the patient has a malignant effusion
the patient has ingested alcohol
the patient has a negative toxicology screen
the patient is confused
The patient has a cardiac condition.
The patient was not hospitalized.
The patient had a recent heart catheterization.
Patient has a positive PSH
Patient has a residual appendix
Patient has had prior acute infections
He is treated for infection
He has no indication for IV antibiotics
He is treated for diverticulitis
Patient has an acute infection
Patient has abnormal EF
Patient has CHF exacerbation
The patient has a condition that causes decreased end organ perfusion.
The patient has a normal functional status.
The patient has congestive heart failure.
The patient has had episodes of substance abuse.
The patient has no history of substance abuse.
The patient is an alcoholic.
The patient does not have symptoms of a gastrointestinal bleed.
The patient has symptoms of a gastrointestinal bleed.
The patient does not have a gastrointestinal bleed.
Patient has an increased BMI
Patient has no unintentional weight loss
Patient has diabetes mellitus
patient has history of head and neck surgery
no surgical history
patient has history of recurrent infections
The patient has left flank pain.
The patient has no pain.
The patient has a kidney stone.
Patient has no complaints
Patient has no history of alcohol use
Patient has alcoholism
The patient has aphasia
The patient’s neurological exam was normal
The patient has a history of cerebrovascular accidents
The patient is afebrile.
The patient is febrile.
The patient has a cough.
He had a recent infection
No history of bone infection
He had a recent injury
the patient is in the ICU
the patient is in his usual state of health
the patient had pneumonia
the patient has antiplatelet antibodies
antiplately antibodies were negative
patient has thrombocytopenia
patient has a prior colonoscopy
patient has no history of colonoscopy
patient is over 50
the patient has a gag reflex
the patient has no gag reflex
the patient had a brain injury
Patient has febrile
Patient has normal CXR
Patient has infection
Patient has difficulty walking
Patient had no weakness or difficulty walking
History of neuromuscular disease
Patient has cancer
Patient has no malignancy
Patient has metastases
Patient has malignancy
Patient has no history of surgery
Patient has metastatic disease
The patient has heart disease
Stress test results were normal
History of hypertension
The patient has an enlarged aortic aneurysm.
The patient has had recent abdominal surgery.
The patient has coronary artery disease.
Patient has a chronic medical condition
Patient is taking no medications
Patient has an opioid tolerance
The infant had trouble breathing
The infant had no symptoms and was discharged home
The infant was premature
The patient has atherosclerosis
The vessels appeared normal
The patient has a history of coronary artery disease
patient had trauma
patient has no history of trauma
patient is obtunded
patient denies signs of systemic infection
patient has fevers
patient denies weight loss
She had head trauma
Her head is normocephalic, atraumatic
She has a subdural hematoma
patient has history of cancer
patient has no cancer history
patient diffuse metastatic disease
Patient has chronic medical condition
Patient has no atherosclerosis
Patient has angina
The patient’s respiratory status was concerning.
The patient is not intubated.
The patient has a neurological condition.
patient has altered mental status
patient is at baseline mental status
patient has delerium
Runny nose
No known allergies
History of allergies to pollen
Patient has a skin infection
Patient has normal exam
Patient has leukocytosis
The patient has received broad spectrum antibiotics.
The has not received antibiotics.
The patient has pneumonia.
History of infection and admission to intensive care
No history of hospitalizations
History of vasculitis
History of heart attack
No history of cardiac disease
History of hypertension and hyperlipidemia
Patient has multiple chronic medical conditions
Patient has normal tracheal findings
Patient has PAD
The patient had a recent urinary tract infection
The patient has no history of respiratory problems
The patient is immunocompromised
The patient is anemic.
The patient is in renal failure.
The patient has iron defeciency anemia.
The patient is pancytopenic.
The patient has normal blood counts.
The patient has cancer.
The patient has an autoimmune arthritis.
The patient has normal joints.
The patient has rheumatoid arthritis.
He recently was treated for infection
He had no recent antibiotic use
His symptoms resolved with antibiotics
The patient had suspected bacteremia.
The patient had a positive blood culture.
The patient did not have bacteria growth in the blood cultures.
Patient has started multiple IV medications
Patient requires no intervention
Patient has CAD
Patient has an inhaler
patient has normal lungs
patient has asthma
The patient is hypothermic.
The patient is febrile.
The patient was cooled after cardiac arrest.
She is no longer inpatient at the hospital
The is in the ICU
Her condition resolved
Patient has had a cerebrovascular event
Patient has a normal neurologic exam
Patient has taken aspirin
The patient does not have a critical coronary artery stenosis.
The patient has no coronary calcifications.
The patient has coronary artery disease.
The patient had a prior pulmonary infection.
The patient has never had a pulmonary infection.
The patient has a normal lung function.
the patient is has blood loss
the patient is not anemic
the patient has a gi bleed
The patient has weight loss.
The patient has weight gain.
The patient has cancer.
Hemoglobin A1C was high
Hemoglobin A1C was within normal limits
The patient has type 2 diabetes
Patient is pregnant
Patient is not pregnant
Patient has CKD
The patient had a recent catheterization.
The patient has pain.
The patient had a coronary stent placed.
She has had a prior admission to the hospital
She complains of severe headache
She is hypertensive
The patient has trouble breast feeding.
The patient has a strong suck.
The patient was born premature.
The patient required cardiac cath.
The patient has acute chest pain.
The patient had stable angina.
The patient is on an anti platelet medication.
The patient is not taking medication.
The patient has had a prior cardiac catheterization.
Abnormal lung function
Normal lung function
Restrictive lung disease
The patient has elevated temperature and difficulty breathing
The patient is afebrile
The patient has an elevated white blood cell count
The patient has an open wound.
the patient has no open wounds.
The patient has a stasis ulcer.
The patient has cirrhosis.
The patient has a normal liver.
The patient has splenic varacies.
The patient has an ascending aortic aneurysm.
The patient has a normal heart and heart valves.
The patient has congestive heart failure.
Arrhythmia
Normal cardiac function
History of hypertension
Patient has no active infection
Patient has not been treated with antibiotics
Patient has no fever
Patient has a chronic condition
Patient has no GU complaints
Patient has prostate cancer
The patient is being treated for psychosis.
The patient is not taking any antipsychotic medications.
The patient is agitated.
The patient refused continuous positive airway pressure therapy
The patient is calm
The patient has shortness of breath
Patient has chronic pain
Patient has not taken medications
Patient has a narcotic tolerance
the patient did not eat any unusual food
the patient ate a strange food
the patient has diarrhea
Patient has no angina
Patient has tachycardia
Patient has underlying CAD
the fetal heart tones are normal
there is slow fetal heart rate
the fetus is full term
The patient has an upper respiratory tract infection.
The patient has no symptoms.
The patient has a viral infection.
The patient has a history of breathing problems
The patient has no history of lung conditions
The patient has severe asthma
He required further evaluation in the NICU
He did not require further evaluation and was discharged home
He was small for gestational age
Patient has cardiac arrhythmia
Patient has NSR
Patient has prior MI
The pain was localized
The patient had syncope associated with the pain
The patient has a history of hyperlipidemia
Patient has mild fever
Patient has normal vital signs
Patient is in active labor stage
Lung mass in the right middle lobe.
Normal respiratory function
lung cancer
The patient required high level critical care.
The patient did not require high level critical care.
The patient was born prematurely.
He has discoloration in his foot
His feet appear normal
He has a history of diabetes
He requires assistance for his activities of daily living
The patient is alert and oriented x 3
The patient has dementia
History of heart attack
No history of cardiac disease
History of hypertension and high cholesterol
The patient has chronically elevated blood sugars.
The patient has  consistently normal blood sugars.
The patient is a labile diabetic.
the patient was born via C section
the patient was delivered vaginally
the patient has normal birth weight
the patient is premature
the patient is full term
the patient has pulmonary hypoplasia
He has neurological impairment
Normal neurological function
He has a history of head trauma.
patient has central vision loss
patient has normal vision
patient has a stroke
the patient has a complete heart block
the patient has normal cardiac rhythm
the patient has coronary artery disease
History of transient ischemic attacks
No blockage of the carotid arteries
History of hyperlipidemia and obesity
the patient is GI bleeding
the patient has a normal INR
the patient is on coumadin
The patient has acutely altered mental status.
The patient is at baseline mental status.
The patient has hyperglycemia.
Patient has low EF CHF
Patient has normal LV function
Patient has had an MI
the patient was delirius
the patient was at baseline mental status
the patient has dementia
The patient received blood
The patient has normal blood counts
The patient is severely anemic and fatigued
No symptoms in the emergency department
The patient complained of severe pain in the emergency department
The patient’s vitals were within normal limits
The patient was given a isotonic saline by IV.
The patient was on a massive transfusion protocol by the time she was transferred to the ICU.
The patient had hypotension.
The patient needs additional skilled rehabilitation needs.
The patient was discharged home.
The patient is deconditioned.
The patient is being evaluated for spinal pathology.
There is no concern for spinal pathology.
There is concern for a spinal fracture.
patient has a a multigestational pregancy
patient is not pregnant
patient is on fertility medications
Patient has no history of alcoholism
Patient has elevated blood alcohol concentration
Patient has NASH
Denies dysuria
patient has dysuria
Has an enlarged prostate
Patient has elevated blood pressure
Patient has no acute medical condition
Patient has headache
Patient has no uterus
Patient has not had surgery
Patient has pelvic pain
the patient has coronary artery disease
the patient has normal coronary arteries
the patient has decreased cardiac output
Patient has traumatic injuries
Patient has no facial injury
Patient has no PMH
The patient does not have symptoms concerning for gastroenteritis.
The patient peritonitis.
The patient does not have acute appendicitis.
Patient has history of gastric bleeding
Patient has normal EGD
Patient has ulcers
The patient had episodes of hypertension.
The patients glucose has been normal.
The patient took a course of prednisone.
He received anesthesia for placement of the breathing tube
He received no neurologically suppressive medication before transfer
The patient has recent brain damage
the patient has a hypertensive emergency
the patient has normal blood pressure
the patient is confused
The patient has chronic kidney disease.
The patient has a normal creatinine.
The patient has diabetes.
The patient is anemic.
The patient has normal hemagloblin.
The patient has a bleed.
The patient was a breech birth twin.
The patient had a normal delivery.
The patient has low birth weight.
Patient has abnormal cardiac cath
Patient has abnormal EF
Patient has PAD
The patient has a brain bleed.
The patient has normal lipids.
The patient has a tunneled dialysis catheter.
The patient received an antibiotic
The patient did not receive fluids
The patient has pneumonia
Patient recieveing steroids.
patient is not on medication.
patient has brain tumor.
The patient has impaired cardiac relaxation.
The patient has a normal heart.
The patient has hypertension.
The patient has congestive heart failure.
The patient has a normal heart.
The patient is taking an ACE inhibitor.
Patient has CAD
Patient has not had an intervention
Patient has PAD
the patient has bulemia
the patient has no history of eating disorder
the patient has poor dentition
CT showed fluids in the pleural space and pericardial cavity
CT of chest was unremarkable
History of congestive heart failure
The patient had a syncopal event.
The patient remained conscious.
The patient has a cardiac arrhythmia.
Patient is a newborn
Patient is a toddler
Patient has improving Apgar’s
The patient has volume overload.
The patient has normal volume.
The patient has heart failure.
Patient has poor left ventricular filling
Patient has a low EF
Patient has right ventricular hypertrophy
The patient has fluid in the left pleural space.
The patient has no abnormal fluid in the lung.
The patient has a left sided pneumonia.
The patient has a malignancy history.
The patient has no history of malignancy.
The patient is immunocompromised.
Patient has no significant social history
Patient has not had recent trauma
Patient has had a MI
The infant was born at 6.8 lbs
The infant was small for gestational age
The infant was delivered at full term
Patient has lab abnormalities
Patient has normal neurological exam
Patient has a seizure disorder
Patient has anemia
Patient has had prior hepatitis
Patient has low hematocrit
Patient has increased serum glucose
Patient has no medical condition
Patient has DM2
The patient has findings concerning for a neutropenic fever.
The patient was afebrile.
The patient is neutropenic.
patient had a history of multiple TIAs
patient has no neurologic history
patient has no neurologic deficits
He had dyspnea on exertion
He denies difficulty breathing
He has heart failure and history of hypertension
The patient was febrile.
The patient was afebrile.
The patient has gastroenteritis.
The patient had a femoral vein catheter placed
The patient received a peripheral venous catheter
The patient required dialysis
The patient has end stage renal disease.
The patient has normal renal function.
The patient has diabetes.
the patient aspirated.
the patient has clear lungs.
the patient is a child.
the patient has an intracranial aneurysm
the patient has no history of aneurysm
the patient has a history of subarachnoid hemorrhage
The patient had multiple medical conditions including heart disease and diabetes
No history of cardiac disease
The patient has orthopnea
Found to have abnormal vision
No visual complaints
Complains of headache
The patient has cancer
The patient has no history of cancer
The patient has a history of hepatitis
patient is premature
patient had normal birth weight
patient was delivered with C section
The patient is a male.
The patient is a female.
The patient has a medical condition.
Patient has an endotracheal tube in place
Patient has normal respiratory function
Patient has been admitted to the ICU
The patient has an aortic dissection.
The patient has a normal aorta.
The patient has a type B dissection.
The patient is not endorsing symptoms of a bleeding disorder.
The patient is has a history of GI bleeds.
The patient is not hypercoagulable.
The patient did not have a significant arrhythmia.
The patient
The patient did not have an arrhythmia.
The patient has no exercise induced leg pain.
The patient has decreaesd exercise tolerance.
The patient has diabetes.
Respiratory rate was high
Patient was in respiratory distress
The patient has a history of COPD
The patient has a history of thyroid disease
The patient has no history of thyroid disease
The patient had thyroid cancer
The patient has had prior surgery.
The patient has never had surgery.
The patient had incontience prior to surgery.
The patient has an infection.
The patient has vancyomycin resistent enterococcus.
The patient has C. Diff colitis.
He had head pain
He developed no pain
He has a history of migraines
the patient has delayed gastric emptying
the patient has normal gastric emptying
the patient has diabetes
The patient has had multiple myocardial infarctions.
The patient has normal coronary arteries.
The patient has congestive heart failure.
The patient was treated for cancer
No history of cancer
History of fever,  weight loss, and splenomegaly
The patient has not noticed any blood in her stool.
There is no concern for a gastrointestinal bleed.
The patient has hemorrhoids.
The patient has had symptoms for multiple days.
The patient did not have any symptoms.
The patient had chest pain.
Patient has no CAD
Patient has abnormal coronary imaging
Patient has PAD
Patient has prior STEMI
Patient has normal echo
Patient has abnormal EKG
Patient is pregnant
Patient has a negative urine B hCG
Patient is having twins
The patient received an opiate pain medication.
The patient has not received an opiate.
The patient had an operation.
The patient has had diabetes since childhood
The patient has had no neuropathy
The patient’s diabetes is controlled
Patient has had trauma
Patient has normal physical exam
Patient has a skull fracture
the patient has kidney disease
the patient has normal kidney function
the patient has acute tubular necrosis
She did not have a medical emergency
She was admitted for emergency surgery
She was admitted for inguinal hernia surgery
Respiratory rate decreased when the patient is calmer
The patient unable to slow down breathing rate
The patient has anxiety
The patient had minor surgery in the lower extremity
No history of surgery on veins in the legs
The patient had varicose veins and pain
Patient has worsening oxygenation
Patient has normal O2 sats
Patient has aspiration
The patient had a heart attack
The patient has no cardiac symptoms
The patient has a history of hyperlipidemia and hypertension
Patient has CAD
Patient has normal coronary vessels
Patient has PAD
Patient has septic arthritis.
Patient has normal knee.
Patient is IV drug user
Patient has abnormal PFTs
Patient has no dyspnea
Patient has asthma
The patient is on broad spectrum antibiotics.
The patient does not have an infection.
The patient has ventilator acquired pneumonia.
Patient has had recent trauma
Patient has no injuries
Patient has severe injuries
Patient has normal vital signs
Patient has fever
Patient has no PE
His creatinine is abnormal
His creatinine remained stable
The patient has a history of congestive heart failure
The patient had been getting worse
Symptoms improved over the past few months
The patient complains of increasing pain and fatigue
The patient has abnormal cervical alignment.
The patient has normal cervical spine alignment.
The patient has had cervical spine trauma.
The patient has a history of hyperglycemia
No history of hyperglycemia
The patient complains of abdominal pain
Patient has a MSk injury
Patient has no shoulder pain
Patient has abnormal shoulder MRI
the patient has coronary artery disease
the patient has normal coronary arteries
the patient has heart failure
Patient has ROS negative
Patient has multiple symptoms
Patient has no PMH
The patient requires skilled nursing needs.
The patient has no skilled nursing needs.
The patient patient has a new oxygen requirement.
The patient does not have an external process impairing the contractility of the heart.
The patient has a large pericardial effusion.
The patient has coronary artery disease.
The infant was intubated due to abnormal heart rate
The delivery was uncomplicated and the infant required not resuscitation
The infant was delivered preterm
Patient has hypotension
Patient has normal vital signs
Patient has sepsis
Patient has a chronic medical condition
Patient has never had cancer
Patient has had metastatic disease
The patient has some sort event that causes amnesia.
The patient maintains normal mental status.
The patient has seizures.
The patient had a prior anterior septal myocardial infarction.
The patient does not have congestive heart failure.
The patient has significant coronary artery disease.
the patient had normal APGAR scores
the patient had low APGAR scores
the patient is full term
the patient has back pain
the patient denies back pain
the patient has a spinal fracture
The patient does not have symptoms of gastroenteritis.
The patient has a urinary tract infection.
The patient patient is asymptomatic.
He suffered a fall at a hotel
He has no history of falls
He had a syncopal episode
The mother developed hypertension
Pregnancy was uncomplicated
This is a multiple gestation pregnancy
Patient has malignanancy
Patient has normal CBC
Patient has metastatic disease
History of gall bladder removal
No surgical history
History of right upper quadrant pain
The patient had low blood glucose.
The patient has a stable glucose level.
The patient receives subcutaneous insulin.
The patient received fluid resuscitation.
The patient has no labs.
The patient had a CBC preformed.
Patient has muscle pain
Patient has normal LDL
Patient has HLD
He has a history of elevated parathyroid hormone
He has no history of endocrine problems
He has a history of fatigue and joint pain
Patient has pneumonia
Patient has normal CXR
Patient has CHF
Urinary analysis contained white blood cells
Urinary analysis was normal
The patient has dysuria
Patient has low GFR
Patient has normal chem 7
Patient has AKI
The pregnancy was complicated by diabetic ketoacidosis
The pregnancy was uncomplicated
Infant was delivered prematurely
The patient does not have symptoms of a congestive heart failure exacerbation.
The patient’s ankles are swollen.
The patient does not have congestive heart failure.
the patient has an elevated WBC count
the patient has no surgical history
the patient is on steroids
The patient does not have nuchal rigidity.
The patient has nuchal rigidity.
The patient does not have meningitis.
The patient was just born.
The infant was still born.
The patient was born at term.
She complains of fatigue
She denies fatigue or weakness after discharge from rehab
She walks with assistance
Patient is hypotensive
Patient is hypertensive
Patient has acute blood loss
He had an internal jugular triple lumen catheter placed
No indication for central line
He has a chronic medical condition
The patient denies chest pain.
The patient complains of chest pain.
The patient has a normal ekg.
Abnormal CT scan
CT scan showed no abnormalities
History of alcohol abuse
The patient suffers from multiple medical conditions
No history of cardiac disease
History of cholelithiasis
The patient has a history of elevated blood sugars.
The patient has normal cholesterol.
The patient is having a COPD exacerbation.
Liver disease
Normal hepatic function
History of obesity
The patient did not have a stroke.
The patient had an acute stroke.
The patient does not have carotid artery atherosclerotic disease.
paitent has metastatic lung cancer
patient has no cancer history
patient is on hospice
The patient has blood going places that it should not.
The patient was lost to follow up.
The patient has a type 1 endoleak from his aortic graft.
The patient will have a transplanted kidney placed.
The patient has normal kidneys.
The patient has end stage renal disease.
White blood cell count was high
All blood work was normal
The patient is critically ill and has an infection
the patient has a heart murmur
the patient has normal heart sounds
the patient has mitral regurgitation
The size of the uterus was measured to be larger than expected
The mother's fundus corresponded to estimated gestational age
Mother has gestational diabetes
The patient is on an antihypertensive drip.
The patient is hypotensive.
The patient has a hypertensive emergency.
the patient has a history of MI
the patient has no cardiac history
the patient has decreased ejection fraction
She had a history of tumor
She has no history of tumors
She had a spinal cord tumor
She has respiratory disease
Normal respiratory function
She has COPD
Patient has an endotracheal tube in place
Patient has normal MMSE
Patient is on a ventilator
The mother was afebrile
The mother had a fever of 100.4F
The mother had prelonged labor
The patient has chronically elevated blood glucose.
The patient has a normally functioning pancreas.
The patient is on dialysis.
History of heart disease
No past medical history
History of hypertension
the patient has an upper gi bleed
the patient is hemodynamically stable
the patient has bleeding varices
The patient has diarrhea.
The patient is constipated.
The patient has C. diff. colitis.
He required further treatment
He needed no further treatment
He has chronic disease
the patient has burning pain
the patient denies pain
the patient has reflux
The infant is mildly premature.
The infant is full term.
The infant has developmental delay.
The patient is unable to take oral medications.
The patient does not need to take medications.
The patient is a high aspiration risk.
The patient has a cardiac condition.
The patient has a normal heart.
The patient takes daily lasix.
Imaging shows abnormality in part of the heart
Imaging shows no abnormality
History of coronary artery disease
The patient’s creatinine rose during admission
The patient’s creatinine remained the same during admission
The patient has renal disease
Patient has chest pain
Patient has a history of coronary artery disease
Patient has abnormal EKG
The patient had a prior myocardial infarction.
The patient has no history of myocardial ischemia.
The patient is having an acute myocardial infarction.
the patient is taking tylenol
the patient denies tylenol use
the patient has liver failure
No complications
The patient responded poorly
The patient had surgery
Patient has a line infection
Patient has sepsis
Patient has bacteremia
Acetominophen and Advil helped with his pain
He tried pain medication with no relief
He has chronic headaches
Patient has spinal stenosis
Patient has no need for intervention
Patient has back pain
The patient was previously unconscious.
The patient is comatose.
The patient had a head trauma.
The mother had 1 pregnancy
Mother of the baby had 2 previous pregnancies
Delivery was uncomplicated
the patient was given IV fluids
the patient was diuresed
the patient was hypotensive
The patient’s oxygen saturation was low
The patient’s blood gases were abnormal
The patient has pulmonary disease
The patient is febrile.
The patient is afebrile.
The patient has an infection.
The patient has stable angina.
The patient has normal exercise tolerance.
The patient has coronary artery stenosis.
Patient has cancer
patient is not infected
patient has HIV
The patient is giving himself subcutaneous injections.
The patient has not received subcutaneous medication.
The patient has type 1 diabetes.
He had shortness of breath this morning
Normal respiratory function
He is a smoker
The pt received emergency medical care
The pt recalls that he called EMS via telephone
The pat had a syncopal episode
The patient had an abnormal EKG.
The patient has a normal EKG.
The patient has a history of heart failure.
Patient has chronic pain
Patient has rheumatoid arthritis
Patient has osteoarthritis
the patient had hematuria.
the patient has a renal mass.
the patient has a bladder mass.
The patient is at risk for diverticulitis.
The patient does not have diverticular disease.
The patient has anemia.
Patient has an enlarged ascending aorta.
The patient has normal aortic valves.
The patient has aortic stenosis.
The patient’s blood pressure runs low.
The patient is hypertensive.
The patient’s has congestive heart failure.
The patient has a complicated twin pregnancy.
The patient had no pre natal screening.
The patient had fetal demise of one of the twins.
Patient has cardiac arrhythmia
Patient has normal EKG
Patient has pneumonia
History of insulin dependent diabetes
No history or hyperglycemia
History of obesity
The patient has cardiac disease
The patient has no surgical history
The patient’s oxygen saturation level is low
the patient is in pain
the patient denies pain
the patient had spinal surgery
the patient has a productive cough
the patient has a normal neurologic exam
the patient has aspiration pneomonia
patient was born via c section
the patient was born via vaginal delivery.
there was decreased fetal heart rate
Patient is recieving IV PPI.
Patient has no GI complaints.
Patient has upper GI bleed.
peritoneal fluid was removed
Paracentesis was contraindicated
The patient has ascites and liver failure
The patient has cardiac disease
No history of cardiac disease
The patient has history of angina and hypertension
The patient stops breathing while sleeping.
The patient has no respiratory problems.
The patient has hypertension.
Patient has positive findings
Patient has normal gastric lining
Patient has stomach infection
the patient has dementia
the patient has normal cognition
the patient has alzheimers
Patient has positive ROS
Patient has positive physical exam
Patient has negative CT head exam
The patient was in a significant trauma.
The patient is presenting for an outpatient visit.
The patient has solid organ injury.
Patient has symptoms of enteritis
Patient has no complaints
Patient has viral illness
The patient has an intraperitoneal infection
The patient has an intact gallbladder.
The patient had acute cholecystitis.
The patient has heart disease
The patient’s cardiac function is normal
The patient has a history of hypertension, high cholesterol and shortness of breath
the patient has chest pain
the patient denies chest pain
the patient has an acute infact
Echo was abnormal
The cardiac echo was normal
The patient has orthopnea and a history of hypertension
Patient has hypotension
Patient has normal vital signs
Patient has been admitted to ICU
Patient has protein in her urine
Patient has no symptoms
Patient has hypertension
Patient has asymmetric reflexes
Patient has normal neurologic exam
Patient has normal UE reflexes
The patient meets SIRS criteria.
The patient is afebrile.
The patient is septic.
The patient has a malignancy.
The patient does not have cancer.
The patient has a tumor that can be treated with radiation therapy.
Mother has a history of premature delivery
Mother’s history is notable for delivery of full term infant 7 years ago
History of premature delivery of infant who had respiratory distress
the patient had trauma
the patient has no trauma history
the patient had an MVA
Blood pressure was within normal limits
Blood pressure is high
Vitals are normal
The patient has ventral vascular access.
The patient does not have intravascular access.
The patient is septic.
Blood did not clot
The blood clotted
The blood did not have to be redrawn
Patient has a chronic condition
Patient has no significant PMH
Patient has cystic fibrosis
The patient has an active bleed.
The patient is having a STEMI.
The patient has coronary artery disease.
the patient has a history of CHF
the patient has no cardiac history
the patient has a history of cardiac surgery
Patient has chest pain
Patient has no symptoms
Patient has abnormal chest CT
The patient has signs of hepatocellar damage.
The patient has normal LFTs.
The patient has a normal INR.
The patient is tracheotomy dependent.
The patient does not require any pulmonary support.
The patient is at risk for decubitus stasis ulcers.
the patient has no endoscopic evidence Gi bleeding
the patient has frank blood on endoscopic exam
the patient has esophageal varices
The patient has multiple medical problems.
The patient has no history of cancer.
The patient has an infection.
The patient has signs of an infection.
The patient has a normal CBC.
The patient has an occult infection.
The patient should have a CT head.
The patient has a normal neurological exam.
The patient has a subdural hematoma.
premature birth
Full-term birth
cerebral palsy
the patient has mental disability
the patient has normal cognition
the patient has cerebral palsy
The patient was not throwing up today.
The patient is actively vomiting.
The patient does not have an acute abdomen.
no known family history of CAD
the patient has a strong family history of CAD
the patient has chest pain
He has not been feeling well
He reports feeling normal
He has flu-like symptoms
the patient is in preterm labor
the patient is full term
the baby is in breech presentation
Labor was attended to be slowed or stopped.
The tocolytic treatment arrested labor.
The patient patient is in preterm labor.
Patient has had trauma
Patient has a normal MRI spine
Patient has paralysis
the patient is a neonate
the patient has low APGAR scores
the patient is premature
patient has end stage renal disease
patient has normal kidneys
patient has polycystic kidney disease
The patient has not had recent illnesses.
The patient has had a recent pneumonia.
The patient has no medical problems.
the patient has hematuria
the patient has normal urine
the patient is anemic
The patient has a right middle lobe opacity of chest X-ray.
The patient has a clear chest X-ray.
The patient has right middle lobe pneumonia.
Patient has had a NSTEMI
Patient has normal troponins
Patient has chest pain
The patient had a course of steroid medication
The patient is currently taking Prednisone
The patient has a history of autoimmune disease
The patient was given an anticonvulsant
The patient was discharged home
The patient is unresponsive
The patient has a neurological problem.
The patient has no head pain.
The patient has a migraine.
the patient has lower extremity edema
the patient has normal extremities
the patient has heart failure
Patient has transaminitis
Patient has normal liver function tests
Patient has history of secondary tuberculosis
The patient was on anticoagulation.
The patient has a bleeding disorder.
The patient has atrial fibrillation.
the patient admits to alcohol use
the patient denies alcohol
the patient is an alcoholic
The patient was having CPR performed on him.
The patient is healthy and in normal state of health.
The patient was in cardiac arrest.
patient has hypertension
patient is hypoxic
patient has chest pain
the patient has altered mental status
the patient is alert, aware, and oriented
the patient is hypoglycemic
No drooping of the face
He has unilateral ptosis
No history of stroke
A cause for macrocytic anemia is vitamin B12 deficiency.
The patient has a normal hematocrit.
Patients with microcytic anemia are alcoholics.
The patient was given medication to prevent permpartum infection.
The patient is not pregnant.
The patient is Group B strep positive.
The patient has an abdominal wall defect.
The patient has a strangulated hernia.
The hernia is the source of pain.
The patient was no having an acute myocardial infarction.
The patient had a STEMI.
The patient was having chest pain.
She had a heart attack
Her cardiac function was normal
She has a history of hyperlipidemia
Appendix has been removed
No surgical history
status post laparoscopic appendectomy
Patient has blood in the stool
Patient has no symptoms
Patient has external hemorrhoids
The patient has invasive arterial monitoring.
The patient has no invasive monitoring.
The patient has required blood transfusions.
The patient has multiple medical conditions
The patient has no medical history
The patient has a history of alcohol abuse
Low hemoglobin levels
Renal disease
Pallor
Patient has weight loss
Patient has no change in weight
Patient has cancer
The patient is unable to maintain her airway.
The patient has a normal respiratory drive.
The patient has a pulmonary condition.
Patient has an autoimmune condition
Patient has no PMH
Patient has diffuse weakness
The patient had a chest tube.
The patient had an expanding pneumothorax.
The patient had an improving pneumothorax.
She recently sustained trauma
No history of falls
She had a head injury
The patient is in pain
The patient has no pain
The patient has a history of head trauma
The patient is not able to maintain a stable blood pressure.
The patient is hypertensive.
the patient is septic.
patient has aortic stenosis
patient has normal aortic valve
patient is has syncope
The patient was started on a vasopressure.
The patient was started on an antihypertensive medication.
The patient is septic.
He has nausea and pain
He has no pain
He has meningitis
The infant had difficulty breathing
The infant was breathing normally
the infant was small for gestational age
Patient has angina
Patient has no chest pain
Patient has CAD
the patient has end stage renal disease
the patient has normal kidneys
the patient has polycystic kidney disease
Patient has hemorrhage
Patient has normal lab values
Patient has abnormal coagulation profile
The patient has neurological symptoms.
The patient does not complain of neurological symptoms.
The patient has a ruptured aneurysm.
High blood pressure and diabetes
No history of high cholesterol or blood pressure
Insulin-dependent diabetes
Patient is a newborn
Patient has abnormal Apgar’s
Patient is a female
the patient has stenosis of his bypass graft
the patient has no cardiac history
the patient has chest pain
The patient has renal failure
The patient has normal renal function
The patient has hypertension
The patient does not have a lobar pneumonia.
The patient has lobar pneumonia.
The patient has a clear chest X-ray.
The patient responded well after intubation
The patient was unstable after intubation
The patient was delivered preterm
The patient has had a significant amount of anesthetics.
The patient has not had a recent surgery.
The patient’s decreased respiratory rate is caused excessive fentanyl and versed.
the patient had an MVC
the patient has no history of trauma
the patient has rib fractures
Patient has signs of a MI
Patient has negative ROS
Patient has CAD
The patient is in need of a liver transplant.
The patient has a normal liver.
The patient has alcoholism.
The patient has neurologic deficits.
the patient is alert, aware, and oriented
the patient has a stroke
The patient has an irregular heart rate.
The patient has a regular heart rate.
The patient was started on warfarin.
the patient has sepsis
there are no signs of infection
the patient is diabetic
She is pregnant
She is at 40 weeks gestation
She has contractions and abdominal pain
Newborn screen was normal
Newborn screen was abnormal
The newborn is healthy
Patient has negative ROS
Patient has pain
Patient has no findings on exam
The patient has an abnormal EKG.
The patient has a normal EKG.
The patient has coronary artery disease.
patient has arrythmia
patient has normal heart rhythm
patient has chest pain
This is a twin pregnancy
This is a A dichorionic diamniotic pregnancy
There is abnormal blood flow in the umbilical cords of the twins
The patient has lung cancer without distant metastatic disease.
The patient has a negative chest ct
The patient has right upper lobe atelectasis.
the patient has normal liver function tests
the patient has abnormal liver function tests
the patient has a history of hepatitis
History of multiple medical conditions
No surgical history
History of recurrent tonsillitis
The patient has difficulty ambulating.
The patient is able to ambulate normally.
The patient has vestibular symptoms.
The patient is hypoxic.
The patient is not having difficulty breathing.
The patient is having an asthma exacerbation.
Patient has a chronic condition
Patient has not been on medications
Patient has taken steroids
Patient has had recent surgery with mild complications
Patient has normal thyroid gland
Patient has thyroid cancer
The patient has congestive heart failure.
The patient has has normal heart function and structure.
The patient had a myocardial infarction.
The patient has end stage renal disease.
The patient has normal kidneys.
The patient had hypertension.
Infant went home the day after delivery
Infant sent to NICU after
Infant has normal bilirubin levels
Patient has hyperglycemia
Patient has normal anion gap
Patient has DM2
patient is MRSA positive
the patient is MRSA negative
patient is infected
Patient has asthma
Patient has normal PFTs
Patient has COPD
the mother has hypothyroidism
the mother is hyperthyroid
the mother had hashimoto's thyroidits
Patient had anemia
Patient has normal Hct
Patient has had surgery
The patient has an intraarterial blood pressure monitor.
The patient does not have intravascular access.
The patient is hypotensive.
Patient has had trauma
Patient has normal chest CT
Patient has pain
patient has dyspnea
patient denies syncope
patient has heart failure
The patient has alcoholism.
The patient has normal brain chemistry.
The patient has cirrhosis.
The patient requires supplemental oxygen.
The patient has normal lungs.
The patient has normal lung function.
The patient has abnormal lungs.
The patient has normal lungs.
The patient is a chronic smoker.
The patient received insulin
The patient received no insulin
The patient has a history of diabetic neuropathy
The patient has a history of Pott Disease
No history of tuberculosis
The patient has paraplegia
The patient has a history of trauma.
The patient denies trauma.
The patient was in a motor vehicle accident.
History of trauma
No history of trauma
History of blood transfusion
The patient has type 2 diabetes.
The patient does not take medications.
The patient has congestive heart failure.
the patient was given IV antibiotics
there is no concern for infection
the patient has pneumonia
the patient did not complete treatment
the patient completed treatment
the patient had pneumonia
The patient had a left sided chest problem.
The patient has no acute intrathoracic pathology.
The patient had a left sided pneumothorax.
Patient has CAD
Patient has normal coronary angiogram
Patient has PAD
Patient feeling ill
He has no cardiac symptoms
He has MI
She received emergency medical attention
She denies pain, nausea, vomiting, constipation or diarrhea
She has severe abdominal pain
patient has abnormal ekg concerning for ischemia
patient has normal ekg
patient has elevated troponins
Patient has pain.
Patient is asymptomatic
Patient has abdominal infection
the patient has no coronary artery disease history
the patient has a history of CABG
the patient has normal cardiac function
Patient has an improving anion gap
Patient has be discharged
Patient has acute renal failure
Patient has dyspnea
Patient has normal echo
Patient has abnormal CXR
The patient has normal blood glucose.
The patient has chronically eleveated blood glucose.
The patient does not have diabetes.
The patient was started on antibiotics.
The patient is got being treated with medication.
The patient has an infection.
the patient has mitral stenosis
the patient has no cardiac history
the patient has a history of rheumatic heart disease
Patient has a urinary catheter in place
Patient has no IV access site in place
Patient has CHF
Patient has pulmonary edema
Patient has normal chest x-ray
Patient has CHF
No evidence of drug use
Drug testing was positive for benzodiazepines
The patient has a history of drug abuse
The patient required some ventilation support
The patient required no ventilation support
The infant’s APGAR score at 1 minute was low
The patient has altered mental status.
The patient has normal mental status.
The patient is over medicated.
She has a high respiratory rate
Her breathing was normal
She has a pulmonary embolism
The patient underwent surgery involving the heart
No history of surgery involving the heart
The patient tolerated the surgery well
Patient has angina
Patient has no new symptoms
Patient has NSTEMI
The patient has congestive heart failure.
The patient has no coronary artery calcifications.
The patient takes a beta blocker.
The patient was on oxygen support in the ED
The patient was breathing on room air
The patient was on a ventilator
the patient has normal birth weight
the patient is premature
the patient has cerebral palsy
patient is on bipap
patient has normal respiratory function
patient is hypoxic
The patient has coronary artery disease.
The patient has normal coronary arteries.
The patient takes a statin.
Patient has negative ROS
Patient has hypercoagulopathy
Patient has negative exam
Patient did not eat today
Patient was able to eat today
The patient is febrile
The patient had a test to detect coronary artery disease.
The patient has not had coronary artery disease assessed.
The patient has had an episode of chest pain.
The patient has low blood pressure
The patient has high blood pressure
The patient is volume depleted
The patient could not maintain adequate respiration.
The patient does not require supplemental oxygen.
The patient has pneumonia.
The patient was given an antibiotic
The patient required no antibiotics
The patient has fever and chills
He is immunocompromised
He has normal pulmonary function
His oxygen saturation is low
Head CT showed abnormalities
Head CT was unremarkable
The patient has a history of atrial fibrillation
patient is in intensive care unit
patient is stable
patient has respiratory distress
The patient has some neurological symptoms.
The patient is fully neurologically intact.
The patient is lethargic.
The patient is intubated.
The patient is on room air.
The patient has COPD.
The patient has multiple medical conditions
The patient has no liver disease
The patient is jaundiced
Patient has been born prematurely
Patient is in utero
Patient has poor Apgars
The patient has multiple chronic illnesses.
The patient has no surgical history.
The patient takes a statin.
The patient had syncope
The patient has no history of neurodegenerative disease
The patient has a cardiac arrhythmia
Patient has osteoarthritis of the cervical spine
Patient has negative ROS
Patient has abnormal MRI
the patient has an acute myocardial infarction
the patient has normal troponins
the patient will be taken to the cath lab
Patient has had a diagnostic procedure
Patient has no had an intervention
Patient has evidence of upper GI bleeding
Mother was afebrile
Mother had elevated temperature
Mother had uncomplicated pregnancy and delievery
The patient had a venous blood clot.
The patient has no history of a clotting disorder.
The patient was treated with anticoagulation.
patient was delivered via c section
patient was delivered vaginally
patient is premature
Back pain is not due to tumor
Back pain due to malignancy
The patient has muscle strain
the patient has a history of bloody bowel movements
the patient has no history of GI bleed
the patient has bleeding polyps
the patient is hypoxic
the patient has normal oxygen
the patient has a PE
Chest x-ray revealed no abnormality
Chest x-ray revealed pneumonia
The patient has a history of liver disease
The patient has acute coronary syndrome.
The patient has normal coronary arteries.
The patient went straight to the cath lab.
The patient has neurologic deficits.
The patient has a normal neuro exam.
The patient has an acute stroke.
Attempted central venous catheter placement of the upper extremities failed.
The patient does not have central intravenous access.
The patient has severe sepsis.
Patient has no infection
Patient has negative exam
Patient has conduction abnormality
The patient had surgery for tonsil removal
No surgical history
The patient had a history of recurrent throat infections
History of diabetes
Normal renal function
History of choledocholithiasis
Patient has a chronic medical condition
Patient has no medical history
Patient has peripheral artery disease
The patient was given medication to treat ingested material.
The patient was not given medication.
The patient had a toxic ingestion.
Patient has abnormal cardiac rhythm
Patient has normal EKG
Patient has had a stroke
The patient had an acute bleed.
The patient has not had any blood loss.
The patient has a GI bleed.
The patient has increase shortness of breath.
The patient has normal exercise tolerance.
The patient has heart failure.
the patient has altered mental status
the patient is orientied x 3.
the patient has an intracranial hemorrhage
He has a feeding tube
He has no tubes or lines
He presents with nausea and vomiting
The patient has triple vessel disease.
The patient has normal coronary arteries.
CABG was recommended.
The patient is at risk for an infection.
The patients skin is intact.
The patient would benefit from sutures.
patient has history of depression
patient has no psychologic history
patient takes anti depressants
Head CT shows bleeding
Head CT on admission shows increase in the subdural hematoma
History of head injury
The patient is a newborn.
The patient was in the neonatal icu.
The patient was a vaginal delivery.
The patient is hypotensive.
The patient is hypertensive.
The patient is in cardiogenic shock.
Patient has negative ROS
Patient has abnormal vital signs
Patient has normal physical exam
The patient has had an infection problem.
The patient has not had an infection.
The patient has had pulmonary TB.
the patient cannot remember the fall
the patient has clear memory
the patient had head trauma
Patient has been intervened upon
Patient has normal ultrasound imaging of the heart
Patient has a groin site puncture
Patient has clot in his portal vein
Patient has normal and patent portal vasculature
Patient has cirrhosis
He has had multiple surgeries
He has no surgical history
He has a history of prostate cancer
Prenatal screens were negative
The mother tested positive for group B strep
The mother's vitals are normal
The patient was not able to maintain his own airway.
The patient is able to breath on his own.
The patient has a drug overdose.
Patient has trauma
Patient has normal gait
Patient has recent surgery
The patient is not vomiting blood.
The patient is vomiting blood.
The patient does not have a peptic ulcer.
The patient has abnormal looking eyes.
The patient has normal eyes.
The patient has conjunctivitis.
Patient has hypertension
Patient has not received antihypertensive medications
Patient has a chronic medical condition
The patient was born premature.
The patient was born at herm.
The patient the patient has pulmonary issues.
The patient is febrile and tachycardic.
The patient has normal vitals.
The patient is septic.
The patient has given birth before.
The patient does not have any children.
The patient is hospitalized.
the patient was cardioverted
cardioversion was not succesful
the patient was in atrial fibrillation
Patient has increased PT
Patient has normal coagulation profile
Patient has abnormal INR
Head CT was abnormal
Head CT was normal
The patient has a history of breast cancer
the patient is pregnant
the patient has syphilis
the patient has group B strep
Patient has no evidence of STEMI
Patient has three vessel disease
Patient has normal troponins
The patient has a heart attack
The patient has no history of cardiac signs or symptoms
The patient has a history of prior MIs
CT of abdomen showed enlarged lymph nodes
Abdominal CT was unremarkable
He has cancer
the group b strep status is unkown
the group b strep status is known
the patient has group b strep
there is limb ataxia
the patient has a normal neurologic exam
patient has parkinsons
The patient has headaches.
The patient does not get headaches.
The patient has stress related headaches.
The patient was hyponatremic.
The patient has a normal serum sodium.
The patient is hypervolemic.
Patient has dyspnea
Patient has normal vital signs
Patient has poor oxygenation
The patient has been thirsty.
The patient has a normal metabolic profile.
The patient has diabetes.
No past medical history
Past medical history of COPD and lung cancer
Pt’s lab work is normal
patient denies pain with exertion in her calf
patient has pain with exertion in the calf
patient has sciatic pain
the patient has no exertional buttock or calf pain
the patient has buttock pain with exertion
the patient has atherosclerotic disease
the patient has coronary artery disease
the patient has normal coronary arteries
CABG was recommended
The patient has a breathing tube
Chest x-ray is unremarkable
The patient has a history of brain damage
Back pain relieved with medication
Back pain is unremitting with medication
History of coronary artery disease and angina
Patient has hypotension
Patient has abnormal O2 sats
Patient has GI bleeding
the patient has gastric carcinoma
the patient has a normal stomach.
there is metastatic disease to abdominal lymph nodes
The patient is being seen in the emergency department.
The patient was not in the emergency department.
The patient is being given 2 units of insulin.
the patient has normal vitals
the patient is febrile
the patient has a cough
The patient has traveled multiple places.
The patient patient has not traveled anywhere.
There is concern for an infectious disease.
The patient had a blood clot in the left lower extremity.
The patient has no history of a blood clot.
The patient patient has a clotting disorder.
the patient had a total knee replacement
the patient has a native hip
the patient had a hip replacement
Patient has symptoms of meningitis
Patient has abnormal MRI spine
Patient has a fever
History of renal insufficiency
Normal renal function
History of obesity
the patient has an acute infarct
the patient has a normal EKG
the patient has ST elevations
The patient has had knee radiographs.
The patient has normal knee radiographs.
The patient has knee pain.
The patient had cardiac catheterization
No surgical history or cardiac symptoms
History of hypertension and hyperlipidemia
She got better during her hospital stay
Her condition deteriorated during her hospital stay
She has a history of COPD
The patient has a pulmonary condition.
The patient has normal lungs.
The patient has COPD.
The patient has a recurrent problem.
The patient has a first time problem.
The patient has a chronic problem.
History of infection
She has no history of infection
She is immunosuppressed
The patient has symptoms of acute coronary syndrome.
The patient has not had relief of symptoms of with nitroglycerine.
The patient had bradycardia.
the patient was cooled
the patient was not cooled
the patient is post cardiac arrest
The bronchodilator provided no relief
The patient has no shortness of breath
The patient has uncontrolled asthma
The patient has a history of inflammatory bowel disease
The patient has no history of gastrointestinal disease
The patient has bloody diarrhea
The patient received fluids
The patient did not require fluids
The patient was hypotensive before saline was given
Patient is still in utero
Patient has a low heart rate
Patient has a normal BPP
The patient is able to control bowel movements.
The patient has urinary incontinence.
The patient does not have a lower spinal cord injury.
The patient has a severe acidosis.
The patient has a normal blood glucose.
The patient has not been taking insulin.
Patient has no further symptoms
Patient has worsening chest pain
Patient has negative ROS
The patient underwent a cardiac stress test
Stress test was normal
The patient has a history of coronary artery disease and hypertension
Patient has a primary malignancy
Patient has no evidence of cancer
Patient has pulmonary metastases
The patient has a history of enlarged prostate
The patient has no surgical history
The patient has a history of urinary retention
Patient has no GI symptoms
Patient has colitis
Patient has normal colonoscopy
The patient was given antibiotics
The patient was given no medication
The patient had hematuria
The patient’s oxygen saturation is normal
The patient is hypertensive
The patient is on antihypertensive medication
Patient has peripheral vascular disease and end stage renal disease
Patient has normal renal function
The patient has a history of poorly controlled blood sugars
Patient has a pleural effusion
Patient has hypertension
Patient has CHF
Patient had hematochezia
Patient has normal bowel history
Patient has hemorrhoids
Patient has low EF
Patient has normal stress test
Patient has CHF
He continues to have diarrhea
His diarrhea has resolved
He has nausea and vomiting
She received a IV diuretic
She received no IV medications
She has a history of congestive heart failure
Patient has a groin incision.
Patient had no intervention.
Patient may have a groin hematoma.
the patient has a GI bleed and esophageal cancer
the patient has no history of cancer
the patient is hypotensive
He presented with neurological symptoms
He arrived unconscious
He has a history of stroke
The patient delivered the infant surgically
The patient delivered vaginally
The patient had hypertension, proteinuria and blurred vision
Patient has no evidence of fever
Patient has a high fever
Patient has no infection
Patient has no evidence of UTI
Patient has a STEMI
Patient has no ST elevation
The patient is undergoing laparotomy.
The patient has a normal liver.
The patient has hepatocellular carcinoma.
He has had rapid weight gain
His weight has been stable
He has a history of congestive heart failure
She did not receive Rho(D) immune globulin
She received Rho(D) immune globulin this pregnancy
Prenatal screens were negative
She had biliary obstruction
She has normal gastrointestinal function
She had ascending cholangitis
there is concern for svc obstruction
there is a normal SVC
there is a mediastinal tumor
Patient has blood in their stool
Patient has negative hemacult test
Patient has lower GI bleed
Pt had an increase in symptom severity
The patient’s symptoms resolved
Pt had abdominal pain
patient has cancer
patient has no oncologic history
patient had surgery
the patient had a UTI
the patient has no history of infection
the patient had sepsis
patient is short of breath
patient denies shortness of breath
patient has heart failure
He has a GI bleed
Colonoscopy revealed colon cancer
He has abdominal pain
The patient denies symptoms of pancreatic cancer.
The patient has large volume ascities.
The patient does not have pancreatic cancer.
He has cancer
He has no history of cancer
He has a history of smoking
Patient has possible NPH
Patient has abnormal movement
Patient has abnormal head CT
The patient has a cystic mass in his pancreas.
The patient has a normal pancreas.
The mass is a IPMN.
the patient is hypertensive
the patient has normal blood pressure
the patient has dementia
the patient had a colonoscopy
the patient has colon cancer
the patient is over 50
The mother had high blood pressure
The mother was hypotensive
The mother had a history of preeclampsia
The patient has end stage renal disease.
The patient has normal kidney function.
The patient has had multiple strokes.
Patient has cirrhosis
Patient has normal liver
Patient has multiple HCC
Unable to obtain history from the patient
The patient is a good historian
The patient has a history of substance abuse
An anesthetic was given
No medications were given
An anesthetic was given before a surgical procedure
Patient has positive PMH
Patient has normal colonic mucosa
Patient has blood in their stool
The patient experienced facial trauma.
The patient has no facial fractures.
The patient was punched in the nose.
the patient is hypoxic
the patient has normal oxygen sats
the patient has pulmonary edema
Patient has no angina
Patient has stated HCTZ
Patient has a normal EKG
patient has hypertension
patient has hypotension
patient has an acute MI
the patient has weakness
the patient is in her usual state of health.
the patient is anemic.
The patient had a failed pregnancy.
The patient is nulliparous.
The patient was taking fertility medications.
The patient has hematuria.
The patient has no RBCs in her urine.
The patient has a kidney stone.
History of skin cancer
No history of cancer
History of excessive sun exposure
The patient cannot swallow pills whole
The patient is able to swallow pills whole
The patient has dysphagia
The patient has had frequent loose stools.
The patient is constipated.
The patten the patient has viral enteritis.
Patient has a chronic medical condition
Patient has good saturations on room air
Patient has dyspnea
patient has an infected collection
patient has no signs for infection
patient has an abscess
The patient has pulmonary disease
The patient has normal lung function
The patient has a history of smoking
The patient has a cardiac arrhythmia.
The patient does not have a cardiac arrhythmia.
The patient has a chronic cough.
The patient has symptoms of a pulmonary condition.
The patient has no pulmonary symptoms.
The patient has COPD.
She required breathing assistance
She has no history of allergic reactions
She has drug allergies
No history of lightheadedness or loss of consciousness
He has a history of lightheadedness and loss of consciousness
No history of arrhythmia
Patient has neonatal intraventricular hemorrhage.
Patient has normal ventricular size.
Patient is premature.
The patient was treated for a cardiac event
Normal cardiac function
History of atherosclerosis and myocardial infarction
patient has respiratory failure
patient has normal breathing
patient has tracheostomy
The patient has a structural heart disease.
The patient has a normal heart.
The patient has had syncopal episodes.
The patient appeared blue.
The patient appeared normal.
The patient is hypoxic.
Treated for UTI with an antibiotic
No history of UTI
The patient had dysuria and urinary frequency
the patient has a DNR status
the patient wants everything done
the patient has cancer
Patient has CHF
Patient has normal echo
Patient has pulmonary edema
History of obstructive sleep apnea
Tolerates CPAP well
History of obesity
The patient had an abdominal wall defect repaired.
The patients has never had surgery.
The patient has had prior abdominal surgery.
Patient has high LDL
Patient has normal blood work
Patient has low HDL
the patient has normal length
the patient is small for age
the patient is full term
Patient has extensive PMH
Patient has negative PSH
Patient has abnormal echo
the patient has anemia
the patient has normal hematocrit
the patient has iron deficiency
Head CT was abnormal
Head CT was unremarkable
The patient has a history of head injury from a motor vehicle accident
The patient is hypotensive.
The patient is hypertensive.
The patient is in cariogenic shock.
the patient was born with vaginal delivery
the patient was born via C section
the patient is full term
The patient has improving shortness of breath.
The patient has normal lungs.
The patient has COPD.
The patient has urinary frequency and cough.
The patient has dysuria.
The patient has a UTI.
The patient has gastric inflammation.
The patient has never had abdominal pain.
The patient takes a proton pump inhibitor.
Given antibiotics and a diuretic
No medications were given
Patient has shortness of breath
The patient is at high risk for a myocardial infarction.
The patient has never had surgery.
The patient has abdominal pain with eating.
The patient does not have cancerous cells from the recent biopsy.
The cells biopsied were cancerous.
The patient does not have cancer.
She has had surgery for trigeminal neuralgia
She has no surgical history
She has a history of multiple sclerosis
A disease treated by proton pump inhibitors.
Oral prednisone treats this condition.
Patients with GERD have hiatal hernias.
Patient has a chronic condition
Patient has normal EGD
Patient has chest pain occasionally
The patient received fluid.
The patient has no IV access.
The patient requires additional fluid.
He complained of pain
He complained of diplopia
He has a history of coronary artery disease and hypertension
The patient is suicidal.
The patient has
The patient has depression.
patient has a history of MI
patient has no cardiac history
patient has low ejection fraction
She has liver disease
She has normal hepatic function
She has jaundice
The patient has atrial fibrillation.
The patient is not tachycardic.
The patient has shortness of breath.
The patient has a problem with her legs.
The patient has normal legs.
The patient has pressures ulcers on her legs and feet.
The patient quit smoking
The patient continues to smoke
The patient denies alcohol uses
the patient has multiple medical comorbidities
the patient has normal renal function
the patient continues to recieve lithium for biopolar disorder
the patient has coronary artery disease
the patient has normal coronary arteries
the patient has decreased cardiac output
The patient has heart failure.
The patient has normal cardiac function.
The patient is short of breath.
the patient had multiple falls
the patient has no history of falls
the patient has dementia
mammograms have been negative
the patient has positive mammograms
the patient has dense breasts
the patient has an ostomy
the patient has no surgical history
the patient had diverticulitis
Arrhythmia and high blood pressure
normotensive
On anticoagulant medication
History of blood clots
No history of blood clots
History of smoking
This is a male who became short of breath while watching tv
This patient denied shortness of breath
This patient has a history cardiomyopathy
The patient is hypertensive.
The patient is hypotensive.
the patient is not taking antihypertensives.
He had gastrointestinal dysfunction
Gastrointestinal function was normal
He has nausea
History of liver disease
No history of liver disease
History of IV drug abuse
Patient has acid reflux
No history of GERD
The patient has Barrett's esophagus
the patient has shortness of breath
the patient denies shortness of breath
the patient has heart failure
The patient has a toe condition.
The patient does not have an infection.
The patient has toe ulcers.
the patient complains of numbness
the patient has a normal neurologic history
the patient had a stroke
She received an antibiotic and steroid
She is asymptomatic
She has premature labor
The patient has skin or mucosal breakdowns.
The patient does not have any open sores within the skin or GI system.
The patient has gastric ulcers.
History of elevated blood pressure
No history of high blood pressure
History of diabetes
The patient's bilirubin levels are elevated
The infant's bilirubin levels are within normal limits
The infant is breastfed
History of stroke
No neurological symptoms
History of atrial fibrillation
Multiple medical conditions
No history of hyperglycemia
Diabetes is uncontrolled
The patient meets SIRS criteria.
The patient has a normal heart rate.
The patient is septic.
stool cultures were negative
stool cultures were positive
the patient has diarrhea
The patient was treated with medication
The patient received no treatment
The patient presented with fever and chills
There is abnormal cardiac function
Cardiac function is normal
He was hypotensive
Patient has history of intervention
Patient has no CAD
Patient has PAD
Patient has borderline pre-cancerous lesions
Patient has no history of FNA
Patient has negative imaging
There is concern that the patient has coronary artery disease.
The patient has not had coronary artery disease risk stratification.
The patient had a normal stress test.
The patient was recently treated for a lung condition
The patient has no history of pneumonia
The patient had bacterial pneumonia
the patient has missed medications
the patient has not missed any medication doses
the patient is non compliant
The patient has infection
The patient has no bacterial infection
The patient has HIV
The patient had a cardiac arrest
the patient has no cardiac history
the patient has hypoxic brain injury
the patient had complicated diverticulitis
patient had a normal ct
patient had positive blood cultures
He does not have shortness of breath
He complains of shortness of breath
He has normal cardiac function
the patient has a bronchial stent
the pateint has a normal chest x ray
the patient has lung cancer
Cardiac dysfunction
Normal cardiac function
Imaging is normal
The parents have a history of substance abuse
Parents have no history of substance abuse
Pregnancy was uncomplicated
Patient has diabetes
Patient has normal serum glucose
Patient has poor renal function
the patient has an acute neurologic deficits
the patient has a normal neurologic exam
the patient has an MCA stroke
History of difficulty swallowing
Denies difficulty swallowing
The patient has a neurological disorder
The patient had a caserean section.
The patient had a vaginal delivery.
The patient had prolonged labor.
The patient had symptoms of pulmonary embolism
The patient received no blood thinners
The patient has a history of DVTs
The patient had movement in the arms and legs
The patient was alert, oriented and a good historian
The patient has a history of drug abuse
Patient has hypertension
Patient has normal vital signs
Patient has tachycardia
History of alcohol abuse
No side effects from alcohol abuse
History of cirrhosis
The patient is large for gestational age.
The patient had intrauterine growth restriction.
The mother had gestational diabetes.
patient is febrile
patient is afebrile
patient is septic
the patient was intubated
the patient is on room air
the patient was having an MI
Patient is in need of intubation
Patient has normal O2 saturations
Patient has aspirated
The patient has had an inflamed prostate.
The patient has a normal prostate.
The patient has benign prostatic hypertrophy.
Pelvic lymph nodes appear normal in size
Free fluid was found on pelvic ultrasound
Imaging of the pelvis is unremarkable
He requires intensive care
He was discharged home
He is hemodynamically stable
Patient has emesis
Patient has negative ROS
Patient has nausea
Patient has an an abnormal fetal position
Patient has a vaginal delivery planned
Patient has a fetal breech position
diarrhea
Normal gastrointestinal function
History of anxiety
The patient had syncope.
The patient was at home prior to the event.
The patient had head trauma.
History of bone disease
No history of bone disease
History of vitamin D deficiency
Patient has an IV in place
Patient has no cause for intervention
Patient has CAD
The patient has a tylenol overdose.
The patient has not had any tylenol.
The patient is suicidal.
The patient has intracranial hemorrhage.
The patient has a normal head CT.
The patient has hypertensive hemorrhage.
Imaging of the stomach was abnormal
Imaging of the abdomen was unremarkable
The patient complains of abdominal pain and vomiting
The patient had a time of low oxygen saturation.
The patient requires a nonrebreather oxygen mask.
The patient has COPD.
The patient has had multiple surgeries.
The patient has normal blood sugars.
The patient takes immunosuppressive medication.
The patient is on broad spectrum antibiotics.
The patient is not on antibiotic treatment.
The patient is septic.
His Apgar score was low at 1 minute
He presented with normal apgar scores at birth
He had no response to stimulation at 1 minute
the patient has a small PE
the patient has a normal chest CT
the patient has breast cancer
The patient has had a retinal hemorrhage.
The patient has no eye problems.
The patient is hypertensive.
the patient has worsening presyncope
the patient has improving symptoms
the patient is on multiple medications
the patient has a mediastinal abscess
the patient has no infection
the patient is post cabg
The patient has low birth weight.
The patient has normal birth weight.
The patient is premature.
the patient has extensive past medical history
the patient has no medical history
the patient is obese
The patient has had shortness of breath
The patient has had no shortness of breath
The patient has a history of CHF
Patient has no parathyroid gland in situ.
Patient has not had surgery
Patient has normal calcium levels
The patient had an bacterial infection
The patient had no evidence of infection
The patient was recently on antibiotic treatment
the patient has no complaints
the patient complains of chest pain
the patient has a history of vascular diease
Patient has abnormal CXR
Patient has normal CXR
Patient has cancer
Patient has post-procedure complications
Patient has normal hgb and HCT
Patient has hemorrhage
the patient is a woman
the patient has known group B strep
the patient is pregnant
The patient is not to make contact with his mother.
The patient is has no legal issues.
The patient is a physical danger to the mother.
The procedure was unsuccessful
The procedure was successful
The patient is in intensive care
Patient has diabetes
Patient has no chronic disease
Patient has nerve pain
History of present illness is unclear
The patient has never had these signs or symptoms before
The patient is a poor historian
the patient had no focal motor disturbance
the patient has focal motor symptoms
the patient has altered mental status
The patient has symptoms of a c. diff infection.
The patient does not have symptoms of an infection.
The patient has c. diff colitis.
The patient had a contraindication towards anticoagulation at the time of IVC filter placement.
The patient does not have an intravascular filter.
The patient had a trauma.
BNP is high
BNP remained stable
The patient has heart failure, orthopnea, and a history of hypertension
He requires surgery
He has no neurological dysfunction
He has a brain disease
Patient has been to the ED
Patient has normal EF
Patient has chest pain
Patient has blood type A+
Patient has blood type B positive
Patient has no current complaints
The patient went home
The patient remained inpatient
The patient was status post abdominal surgery
She was given a benzodiazepine
She received Ativan with no relief
She also has a history of anxiety
The patient was incapacitated.
The patient was a good historian.
The patient was sedated.
The patient is unable to to provide a reliable medical history
The patient is a reliable historian
The patient has a history of substance abuse
Patient has evidence of cerebral ischemia
Patient has normal neurological exam
Patient has abnormal brain iamging
Patient has CHD stage 5
Patient has normal GFR
Patient has high Cr
The patient has end stage renal disease.
The patient has normal renal function.
The patient has polycistic kidney disease.
the patient has heart failure
the patient has normal cardiac function
the patient has pulmonary edema
The patient has poorly controlled diabetes.
The patient‰Ûªs blood sugars are always within normal limits.
The patient has had prior episodes of DKA.
Patient has a mild fever
Patient has Normal vital signs
Patient has nausea
The patient requires a high level of care.
The patient is volume overloaded.
The patient requires fluid resuscitation.
The patient was recently born.
The patient was born at term.
The patient has apnea of prematurity.
The patient does not have symptoms of pneumonia.
The patient has pneumonia.
The patient does not have a pulmonary infection.
She had no symptoms
She had debilitating symptoms
She responded well to recent medication
the patient has signs of heart failure
the patient has a normal respiratory exam
the patient has shortness of breath
The patient has a pressure ulcer.
The patient has no skin ulcerations.
The patient is diabetic.
The patient has had a vascular procedure.
The patient has normal coronary arteries.
The patient has congestive heart failure.
The patient is an alcoholic.
The patient does not drink alcohol.
The patient has cirrhosis.
Patient is no longer an inpatient
Patient has been sent home
Patient has ongoing medical issues
Patient denies chest pain.
Patient has chest pain.
Patient has shortness of breath.
Patient has dyspnea
Patient has normal PFTs
Patient has COPD
The patient has renal stones.
The patient does not have a past medical history.
The patient has had a prior abdominal surgery.
The infant required intensive care
The infant was discharged home
The infant was delivered prematurely
The patient became hypotensive.
The patient’s main problem is hypertension.
The patient is hypovolemic.
patient has a history of metastatic ovarian cancer
patient has no oncologic history
patient is BRCA positive
Patient was confused
Patient had a normal neurological exam
Patient was intoxicated
the patient is tachypneic
the patient is febrile
the patient is in heart failure
Pregnancy was complicated by preeclampsia
Pregnancy was uncomplicated
Mother has a history of renal disease
The patient received an endotracheal tube
The patient received 2L oxygen via nasal cannula
The patient has decreased level of consciousness
Systolic blood pressure during expiration and inspiration is greater than 10
Systolic blood pressure during expiration and inspiration is less than 10
He has COPD
Her does not complain of tongue or throat enlargement
She complains of enlarged tongue and difficulty breathing
She has no allergies to drugs
The patient has a history of cardiac disease
No history of cardiac disease
The patient has a history of myocardial infarction
the patient has an LAD occlusion
the patient has normal coronary arteries
the patient will go for CABG
Patient has malignancy
Patient has not had surgery
Patient has colon cancer
The patient has a neurological condition.
The patient has a normal functioning left arm and leg.
The patient had a recent stroke.
The pt recently received anesthesia
The pt tolerated the procedure well and was discharged home
The pt had abdominal surgery
History of inflammation to the endocardium
No history of heart valve replacement
History of IV drug abuse
Patient has multiple chronic conditions
Patient has normal neurological exam
Patient has abnormal IQ
The patient’s blood glucose was high
The patient’s blood glucose was low
The patient has a history of epilepsy
The patient is febrile.
The patient is afebrile.
The patient has an infection.
Patient has hematochezia
Patient has negative ROS
Patient has external hemorrhoids
No relevant past medical history
Past medical history is significant
The patient has hypertension and diabetes
The patient has multiple medical conditions
The patient denies pain
The patient has coronary artery disease
Patient has a mood disorder
Patient has normal psychiatric evaluation
Patient has a psychotic disorder
Patient has edema
Patient has no medical conditions
Patient has CHF
The patient is having a STEMI.
The patient is not having acute coronary syndrome.
The patient has severe coronary artery disease.
She has extensive left carotid artery narrowing
She has a history of strokes
She has hyperlipidemia
the patient is unresponsive
the patient is alert
the patient had a cardiac arrest
The patient has chronic respiratory disease
The patient has normal respiratory function
The patient has a history of smoking
The patient's INR is low
The patient has no surgical history
The patient has a history of mitral valve stenosis
Patient has had prior surgical intervention
Patient has both ovaries
Patient has infertility
the patient has a thrombus
the angiogram was negative
the patient has a venous thrombus
the patient has chest pain
the patient has normal renal function
the patient has an STEMI
The patient had feeding dysfunction.
The patient had normal oral intake.
The patient was aspirating.
patient had C section
patient born via vaginal delivery
patient is in respiratory distress
The patient was sent to the emergency department by her physician.
The patient self referred herself to the ED.
The patient has a serious medical condition.
The patient has atrial fibrillation.
The patient has normal rhythm.
The patient was cardioverted.
Patient has an acute medical condition
Patient has chronic medical conditions
Patient has epilepsy
Patient has had a stroke
Patient has no chronic conditions
Patient has clotting disorder
Abnormalities in the large intestine
Colon appeared unremarkable
The patient complains of rectal hemorrhage
The patient has an autoimmune disease.
The patient does not have an autoimmune disease.
The patient has hilar lymphadenopathy.
The propofol caused the blood pressure to drop.
The patient is normotensive.
The patient had a major procedure.
Suspected infection
No signs or symptoms of infection
Patient has sepsis
Patient has CKD
Patient has normal Cr
Patient is on steroids
The mother received Rho(D) immune globulin
The mother did no receive Rho(D) immune globulin
Pregnancy was uncomplicated
The patient has multiple visits to the hospital/emergency department.
The patient has never received medical care before.
The patient has chronic pain conditions.
The patient has normal birth weight
the patient has low birth weight
the patient is full term
the patient had transient visual field defects
the patient has no neurologic symptoms
the patient had a TIA
She will undergo surgery for a gyn issue
She declined surgery
History of pelvic pain
the patient has asthma
the patient does not have asthma
the patient uses inhalers
Patient is febrile
Patient has normal temperature
Patient has abnormal vital signs
The patient has hearing loss.
The patient has normal hearing in both ears.
The patient is elderly.
He was treated for lung disease
He has normal lung function
He is immunocompromised
the patient was transfused
the patient was not transfused
there is a gi bleed
The patient has frequent bowel movements
Normal GI function
The patient has gastroenteritis
The patient does not have any high grade stenoses in the internal carotid arteries.
The patient has aortic stenosis.
The patient is being worked up after a stroke.
The patient had mid abdominal pain.
The patient has no pain.
The patient has an ulcer.
He has an elevated temperature, respiratory rate and heart rate
Vitals were within normal limits
He has a history of COPD
the patient has recent C diff
the patien thas no medical history
the patient is on oral vancomycin
The patient has normal cardiac output.
The patient has no pericardial effusion.
The patient has a history of myocardial infarction.
The patient has heart failure.
The patient has normal heart function.
The patient has coronary artery disease.
the patient has an RCA stent
the patient has normal coronary arteries
the patient has diabetes
He developed arrrhythmia
He has normal cardiac rhythm
He has a history of myocardial infarction
the patient recieved a blood transfusion
the patient has not been transfused
the patient is bleeding
The patient does not want to return home.
The patient would like to return home.
The patient has an unsafe home environment.
Patient has lens correction surgery history
Patient has normal eye exam
Patient has poor long distance visions
the patient is undergoing an inominate artery reconstruction
the patient has normal arterial anatomy
the patient has a history of invasive cancer
Patient has abnormal ECG
Patient has not had an intervention
Patient has palpitations
Patient has PAD
Patient has no symptoms requiring admission
Patient has CAD
the patient is intubated
the patient is on room air
the patient is obese
the patient had intracranial hemorrhage
the patient has no neurologic deficits
the patient was in an MVA
Apgars were normal
Apgars were critically low
Delivery was at full term and uncomplicated
History of head trauma
No history of head trauma
History of concussion
The baby was born prematurely
The baby was born at full term
The pregnancy and delivery were uncomplicated
Patient has abnormal echo
Patient has normal systolic function
Patient has pulmonary edema
The patient is being treated by toxicology.
The patient has not been consulted on by toxicology.
The patient is being treated for a toxin ingestion.
the patient has irritable bowel syndrome
the patient has normal bowel function
the patient has abdominal pain
The patient received high dose steroid treatment
The patient responded well to IVIG and steroid treatment
The patient has immune thrombocytopenic purpura
The patient has peripheral vascular disease
No surgical history
The patient has diabetes
The patient has cirrhosis.
The patient has normal liver function.
The patient has an elevated BUN.
Patient has elevated A1c
Patient has normal blood glucose levels
Patient has diabetic retinopathy
History of hyperglycemia
Type 1 diabetes
History of obesity
Metabolic disease
Normal metabolic function
History of obesity
history of hyperglycemia
No history of hyperglycemia
History of obesity
The patient has had multiple brain bleeds.
The patients brain is normal appearing.
The patient has had multiple head traumas.
The patient has chronic kidney disease.
The patient has normal functioning kidneys.
The patient has a bladder tumor.
the patient has a history of seizures
the patient has no history of seizures
the patient is on keppra
Patient has low O2 sats
Patient is febrile
Patient hasdyspnea
The patient is a trauma patient.
The patient was not involved in a trauma.
The patient had a head CT.
the patient was discharged from the hospital.
the patient is not safe for discharge.
the patient was treated for shortness of breath.
Patient has urinary outlet obstruction
Patient has norma sinus rhythm
Patient has polyuria
the patient is agitated
the patient has a femoral line
the patient is intoxicated
The patient has a pulmonary infection.
The patient does not have an infection.
The patient has a history of smoking.
the patient has a femoral line
no central access was available
the patient is hypotensive
there is chest pain
there is no chest pain
there is elevated troponin
Lab results were abnormal
Glucose and potassium were within normal limits
The patient was unresponsive
The infant has neonatal jaundice.
The infant is full term.
The infant has low birth weight.
Patient has no evidence of STEMI
Patient has no symptoms
Patient has variant angina
the patient is recieving supplemental oxygen
the patient is on room air
the patient has heart failure
The patient had some antibiotics
The patient received no medications
The patient had a fever and pain
Patient has abnormal echo
Patient has no mitral regurg
Patient has CAD
The patient has a condition that should be evaluated by thoracic surgery.
The patient did not have a thoracic surgery consult.
The patient has an empyema.
Patient has a yeast infection
Patient has no complaints
Patient has begun anti fungal therapy
The patient does not have leukocoria.
The patient has leukocoria.
The patient does not have a retinoblastoma.
The patient has elevated blood sugar.
The patient has normal blood sugars.
The patient does not have enough insulin.
patient has diabetes
patient does not require insulin
patient is well controlled
Patient has cirrhosis
Patient has normal portal pressures
Patient has HCC
The patient received the treatment used for a COPD exacerbation.
The patient has not had antibiotics.
The patient had a COPD exacerbation.
the patient is hypotensive
the patient is hypertensive
the patient is septic
The patient has congestive heart failure.
The patient was significantly dehydrated.
The patient was not taking her medications.
Patient has malignancy
Patient has not had a recent biopsy
Patient has history of lymphoma
She is irregularly following commands
She is alert and oriented to person place and time
She overdosed on medication
Patient has recent trauma
Patient has normal head CT
Patient has brain injury
The patient has no right upper quadrant pain or headaches.
The patient has right upper quadrant pain and headaches.
The patient has no chest pain.
The patient is afebrile.
The patient is septic.
The patient does not have a severe infection.
the patient was given IVF
the patient was hypervolemic
the patient is septic
The patient would benefit from antibiotics.
The patient has no signs of infection.
The patient has a foley catheter.
He was treated for fever
Temperature was normal
He had an upper respiratory infection
Patient has lung disease
The patient has normal respiratory function
Patient has respiratory failure
The patients potassium is elevated.
The patient has a normal basic metabolic profile.
The patient is at risk for arterial arrhythmias.
The patient had an episode.
The patient did not have an episode.
The patient fainted.
The patient has cancer.
The patient does not have cancer.
The patient has hepatocellular carcinoma.
Patient has malignancy
Patient has a normal EGD
Patient has metastatic disease
The patient has unstable angina.
The patient
The patient has a very low exercise capacity.
the patient has chest pain
the patient has no cardiac risk factors
the patient has elevated troponins
Patient has history of renal artery stenosis.
Patient has normal renal arteries.
Patient has hypertension secondary to renal artery stenosis.
there is left lower lobe collapse
the chest x ray is normal
there is a hilar mass
the patient has a UTI
the patient has a negative urinalysis
the patient is confused
the patient has coronary artery disease
the patient has normal coronary arteries
the patient will undergo CABG
the patient is on chemotherapy
the patient has no oncologic history
the patient has lymphoma
The patient had a GI bleed.
The patient has a normal esophagus.
The patient has Barrett's esophagus.
The patient has altered mental status.
The patient is behaving normally.
The patient has increased intracranial pressure.
the patient has ascites
the patient has a normal abdominal ultrasound
the patient has cirrhosis
The patient had an elevated blood sugar.
The patient is hypoglycemic.
The patient has diabetes.
Bacterial infection of the skin
History of diabetes
History of recent break in the skin
The patient had thoracic surgery.
The patient has not had surgery before.
The patient had a lobectomy.
The mother was pregnant.
The labor was induced.
The mother’s water broke.
Patient has had PCI
Patient has had no intervention
Patient has CAD
The patient has high BMI
The patient has a BMI of 20
The patient has cardiac disease
The patient received a blood thinner
The patient has no symptoms
The patient has a history of heart disease
The patient has a history of heart attack
The patient has no history of cardiac disease
The patient has a history of smoking and obesity
He was started on Acetylcysteine
His liver function is normal
He has a history of suicide attempts
the patient has shortness of breath
the patient denies shortness of breath
the patient has a PE
Received antibiotics in the emergency room
Received no treatment in the emergency room
The patient had a fever and elevated white count
The patient has chest pain.
The patient denies chest pain.
The patient has an acute MI.
the patient is improving with oxygen
the patient is worsening
the patient was cyanotic
The patient is on dialysis.
There is no fluid in the patients abdomen.
The patient has diabetes.
The patient has a brain mass.
The patient has no brain mass.
The patient has glioblastoma multiform.
She has urinary symptoms
She has no urinary symptoms
She has pyelonephritis
patient has chest pain
patient has normal ekg
patient has an STEMI
The patient has non functioning kidneys.
The patient normally functioning kidneys.
The patient has hypertension.
Patient need additional nutrition
Patient has been eating normally
Patient has an IV placed
Patient has chronic disease
Patient has negative PMH
Patient has acute disease
She appeared to be walking abnormally this morning
Her walking appeared normal
She has a history of peripheral neuropathy
Patient has negative ROS
Patient has upper GI ulcerations
Patient has no GI bleeding
The patient received an ultrasound
The patient received no imaging studies
The patient had abdominal pain
The patient has not had an EGD.
The patient has had an upper endoscopy.
The patient has vocal cord dysfunction.
the patient has multiple cardiac risk factors
the patient has normal heart rhythm.
the patient is obese
The patients cardiac output did not respond to dobutamine.
The patient has a normal cardiac output.
The patient is in cardiogenic shock.
Patient has an elevated heart rate
Patient has a fever
Patient has abdominal pain
The patient was pregnant.
The patient had a cesarean section.
The patient had healthy baby.
Patient has a mostly negative ROS
Patient has no symptoms
Patient has syncope
the patient had a recent infection with streptococcus bacteria
Renal biopsy was unremarkable
The patient has a history of swelling and joint pain
The patient has not been exposed to syphilis.
The patient has neurosyphilis.
The patient does not have any sexually transmitted infections.
the mother  has a healthy child via vaginal delivery
the mother had a C section
the mother has a bicornuate uterus
The patient is intubated.
The patient is breathing without support.
The patient has a pulmonary condition.
The patient has hypercholesterolemia.
The patient has a lower cholesterol level.
The patient has a recent myocardial infarction.
symptoms occur after eating
there is no relation to food timing
the patient has an ulcer
the patient vomited
the patient denies vomiting
the patient has appendicitis
patient complains of GI bleed
patient has no history of gi bleed
patient has lower gi bleed
the patient denies angina
the patient has angina
the patient has a normal EKG
The patient has an elevated blood pressure.
The patient has no past medical history.
the patient took prednisone for the giant cell arteritis.
He is on prescription medication
He takes no medications
He has BPH
Patient has EKG findings
Patient has normal EKG
Patient has CAD
Patient has no CXR findings
Patient has a large pneumonia
Patient has a fever
The patient is less likely to have a stroke
The patient's mental status is intact
The patient has metabolic encephalopathy
Patient has suffered a fall
Patient has no neurological symptoms
Patient has had a stroke
Abnormal aortic valve
No cardiac abnormalities
The patient complains of fatigue
The patient needs emergency medical attention
The patient has no symptoms or complaints
The patient has heart failure
The patient is hypertensive.
The patient is hypotensive.
The patient is in a hypertensive crisis.
Patient has valvular disease
Patient has normal vision
Patient has had valve replacement
She has heart disease
Cardiac function is normal
She has a history of hypertension
the patient was in the ICU
the patient has no venous access
the patient requires long term antibiotics
The patient has a history of breast cancer.
The patient normal breasts.
The patient has metastatic disease.
She had a tear in the aorta
CT scan revealed no abnormalities in the aorta
She has a history of hypertension
Patient has recent UTI
Patient has no significant PMH
Patient has URI
The patient has a history of blood clots.
The patient has normal pulmonary function.
The patient has cirrhosis.
The patient has an elevated EtOH levels.
The patient is sober.
The patient is an alcoholic.
Patient has no valve vegetations on echo
Patient has an abnormal TEE
Patient has signs of infection
Patient has malignancy
Patient has no cancer
Patient has abnormal PET scan
Patient is a newborn
Patient has an abnormal head circumference size
Patient is a male
Hypotensive
Patient is hypertensive
Patient suffered a fall
Patient has had PCI
Patient has no CAD
Patient has CAD
The patient required higher level of care after delivery.
The infant went to the new born nursery after birth.
The patient has meconium aspiration.
The patient is tachypnic.
The patient is breathing slower than normal.
The patient has ARDS.
The patient has no significant past medical history.
The patient has chronic illnesses.
The patient has acute pain.
The patient has coronary artery disease
Testing revealed no coronary artery stenosis
The patient has chest pain and history of hyperlipidemia
He has renal failure
He has normal renal function
He has polycystic kidney disease
The patient received multiple fluid boluses.
The patient’s main complaint is hypertension.
The patient was hypotensive.
the patient is tachycardic
the patient has a normal heart rate
the patient has a pulmonary embolism
patient has history of ivda
patient denies history of substance abuse
patient has history of alcohol abuse
The patient received an esophagogastroduodenoscopy
The biopsy was normal
The patient complained of abdominal pain and weight loss
Pt has acute coronary syndrome
Pt has normal cardiac function
Pt has history of hyperlipidemia
There are inflammatory cells on the gram stain.
There were no inflammatory cells on the gram stain.
The PNMs are secondary to an infection.
The patient has symptoms of gastroenteritis or colitis.
The patient is asymptomatic.
The patient has c. Diff colitis.
The patient has a right sided motor defect.
The patient has normal strength on his right side.
The patient had a left MCA infarction.
The patient is slightly premature.
The patient is post term.
The patient has normal birth weight.
Patient takes aspirin.
Patient takes no medications.
Patient has coronary artery disease.
the patient has skin cancer
the patient has a normal dermatologic exam
the patient has melanoma
Patient has had intervention
Patient has normal LFts
Patient has a biliary stent
The patient does not have symptoms concerning for neonatal sepsis.
The patient has an elevated heart rate.
The patient does not have neonatal sepsis.
The patient has episodes of shortness of breath, sweating and anxiety
The patient denies difficulty breathing
The patient has panic disorder
Patient is pregnant
Patient is not pregnant
Patient has new symptoms
The patient was given insulin
The patient’s blood sugar was normal
The patient has not been taking regular medication
The patient has a history of corticosteroid-induced mania
No history of corticosteroid use
The patient has a history of  systemic lupus erythematosus
the patient had a disagreement with her husband
the patient is not on any medications
the patient has depression
The patient has a mitral valve prosthesis.
The patient has native heart valves.
The patient is anticoagulated.
The patient has a problem with blood clots.
The patient has never had a blood clot.
The patient has edematous legs.
She complained of shortness of breath
She denies shortness of breath
She has a history of asthma
Patient has abnormal blood sugar levels
Blood sugars were within normal limits
The patient has ketoacidosis
the patient has a history of splenectomy
the patient has a normal spleen
the patient had traumatic injury to spleen
the patient is febrile
the patient is afebrile
the patient is septic
The patient is pregnant.
The patient has not received antibiotics.
The patient is about to give birth.
the patient is neutropenic
the patient has a normal neutrophil count
the patient has leukemia
the patient has cholelithiasis
the patient has no gall stones
the patient is obese
The patient has an infection.
The patient does not have IV antibiotics.
The patient has sepsis.
She became unresponsive
She has no history of neurological dysfunction
She has West Nile encephalitis
The patient was on mechanical ventilation.
The patient has had a tracheotomy.
The patient is stable enough to leave the ICU.
Cardiac catheterization was abnormal
The patient has no cardiac disease
The patient has a history of angina, hyperlipidemia and obesity
The patient’s lungs are not fully formed.
The baby was born at term.
The patient’s mother was given steroids before delivery.
the patient has a negative prenatal screen
the patient has syphilis.
the patient has a normal pregnancy
The patient is status post trauma.
The patient is comatose.
The patient suffered from a concussion.
No wounds, ulcers or tissue damage at delivery
Lesions were observable at delivery
The mother has a history of genital herpes
Patient has recent skin infections
Patient has not received antibiotics
Patient has elevated WBC
Oxygen saturation is 95%
Oxygen saturation is 100% on room air
The patient suffered recent physical trauma
The patient has blood in the peritoneal cavity.
The patient had a high hematocrit.
The patient has a malignancy.
Patient had a procedure
Patient had no bilious return on lavage
Patient had an ERCP
The patient has symptoms of a urinary tract infection.
The patient has no symptoms of a UTI.
The patient has a urinary tract infection.
She suffers from seizures
She has multiple seizures per week
She has a history of brain trauma
The patient was recently ill
The patient has been healthy
The patient has cough, runny nose and fever
Patient has venous abnormalities
Patient has normal venograms
Patient has PAD
The patient has B symptoms.
The patient is gaining weight.
The patient has a hematologic malignancy.
Patient has angina
Patient has negative ROS
Patient has NSTEMI
The patient has an autoimmune condition.
The patient does not have an autoimmune condition.
The patient has aspiration issues.
Patient has tachycardia
Patient has a normal heart rate
Patient is in pain
The patient has a history of treated infection.
The patient is on antibiotics.
The patient has a history of pneumonia.
patient has a normal lactate
patient has lactic acidosis
patient is hypotensive
Patient has positive physical exam
Patient has normal auscultation of the chest
Patient has heart valve disease
The patient was on antibiotics.
The patient was not been taking any antibiotics.
The patient had a pneumonia.
the patient is ill
the patient is healthy
the patient has cancer
Patient has elevated T. bili levels
Patient has normal bilirubin
Patient has increased hemolysis
Patient is AAOx2.
Patient is oriented to time.
Patient has an abnormal neurological examination.
Patient has pain
Patient has no symptoms
Patient has trauma
There is bleeding in the skull
Head CT is normal
Patient is on blood thinner medication
Patient had high systolic blood pressure
Cardiac function was normal
History of cardiac disease
The patient was given a proton pump inhibitor.
The patient does not have an IV.
The patient has an acute GI bleed.
The patient is hypotensive.
The patient is hypertensive.
The patient is septic.
He complains of dyspnea
He denies dyspnea
He has a history of smoking and obesity
patient has unintentional weight loss
patient has weight gain
patient has cancer
the patient has normal birth weight
the patient has low birth weight
the patient has normal apgar scores
White blood cell count has been high
CBC has been normal
The patient has chronic infection
The patient has multiple blood clots
the patient has no history of blood clot
the patient is anticoagulated
The cultures did not grow bacteria.
The patient has sepsis.
The patient is not septic.
the patient underwent preterm labor
the patient is full term
the patient has pulmonary hypoplasia
The patient is constipated.
The patient has diarrhea.
The patient is using opiates.
The patient has a small bowel obstruction.
The patient has non-dilated small bowel.
The patient has prior abdominal surgery.
The patient has a history of pain in his side
The patient is asymptomatic
The patient has a history of nephrolithiasis
the patient has a history of lung cancer
the patient has no significant past medical history
the patient is a smoker
Patient has blood in the urine
Patient has normal urinalysis
Patient has pyelonephritis
patient has chronic transplant rejection
patient has normal kidney function
patient is immunocompromised
The patient is on broad spectrum antibiotics.
The patient has not had any IV antibiotics.
The patient has bacteremia.
Patient has had intervention and grafting
Patient is not on antibiotics
Patient has active infection
the patient has a UTI
the patient has normal urine
the patient is female
He had dilation of vessels in the gastrointestinal tract
Endoscopies were normal
History of alcohol abuse
The patient had cardiac arrest.
The patient has known cardiac disease.
The patient had a myocardial infarction.
the patient has diabetes
the patient is not diabetic.
the patient also takes oral hypoglycemics.
She has pain in the left lower extremity
She denies pain in the lower extremity
She has a limp
The patient had a shockable arrhythmia.
The patient was in PEA arrest.
The patient was in ventricular fibrillation.
the patient required pressor support
the patient is normotensive
the patient has cardiogenic shock
The patient does not have symptoms of an acute MI.
The patient is having active chest pain.
The patient has congestive heart failure.
The patient has a respiratory condition.
The patient requires a low level of care.
The patient has pneumonia.
He had abnormal cardiac testing
His cardiac workup was normal
History of coronary artery disease and hypertension
Patient is febrile
Patient has normal vital signs
Patient has a postoperative abscess
The patient has hematologic condition.
The patient has no circulating autoantibodies.
The patient was an autoimmune disease.
The patient has shortness of breath.
The patient has normal breathing.
The patient has congestive heart failure.
The patient does not have symptoms of a gastrointestinal bleed.
The patient is having bright red blood per rectum.
The patient does not have a gastrointestinal bleed.
The patient has acute coronary syndrome.
The patient has a normal heart.
The patient has low ejection fraction.
His blood pressure was normal during the procedure
His blood pressure was low during the procedure
He tolerated the procedure well
patient was born via c section
patient was born via vaginal delivery
patient has low birth weight
The patient has a history of acute heart failure.
The patient has no cardiac history.
The patient has an enlarged heart.
The patient developed metabolic dysfunction due to steroid medication
No history of steroid use
Diabetes is now controlled
Patient has elevated Cr
Patient has acute pulmonary failure
Patient has CKD
The patient is at increased risk of cancer.
The patient does not have a family history of cancer.
The patient has a genetic predisposition to cancer.
The patient was at baseline condition prior to presentation.
The patient was ill prior to presentation.
The patient has chronic illness.
Patient has a history of cardiac arrhythmias
Patient has normal sinus rhythm
Patient has a normal coronary angiogram
patient had an episode of syncope
the patient denies syncope
the patient has the flu
Patient has decreased nutrition
Patient has normal hydration status
Patient has unintentional weight loss
the patient is obese
the patient is normal weight
the patient is on bipap
patient has multiple medical problems
patient has no history of radiation
patient is obese
the patient is on multiple antiobiotics
there is no concern for infection
the patient has pneumonia
The patient has a structural heart abnormality that causes abnormal flow.
The patient has a normal heart.
The patient has aortic stenosis.
patient has an infection
patient has no infection
patient is septic
The patient has congestive heart failure.
The patient has a normal heart.
The patient has an elevated INR.
Patient has trouble breathing
Patient has normal labs
Patient has elevated WBC
He has had decreased food intake
He has been eating normally
He is volume depleted
The patient has chronic pain issues.
The patients pain is acute.
The patient has tried opiate pain medications for her pain.
The patient did not require intubation.
The patient is hemodynamicall unstable.
The patient was recieving BiPap.
Patient has a history of cholecystitis
patient has a normal gall bladder
patient is obese
The patient had previously been complaining of abdominal pain
The patient currently complains of severe abdominal pain
The patient's pain has resolved
Patient has HLD
Patient is left handed
Patient has HTN
Patient is hypoglycemic
Patient is hyperglycemic
Patient had an insulin overdose
The patient has irregular heart rhythms.
The patient has no histry of arrhythmia.
The patient is anti coagulated.
Platelet levels are within normal limits
Labs reveal thrombocytopenia
Hemoglobin levels are low
Patient has a chronic medical condition
Patient has normal oxygen saturations
Patient has asthmas
The patient has a pulmonary condition.
The patient is breathing normal on room air.
The patient has pulmonary edema.
The patient is given multiple doses of opiates.
The patient has not received pain medication.
The patient is seeking narcotics.
She has cardiac disease
She has normal cardiac function
She complains of chest pain and shortness of breath
The patient is hypotensive.
The patient is having a hypertensive crisis.
The patient is septic.
the patient has bibasilar atelectasis
the patient has a normal chest x ray
the patient has a cough
History of surgery on the prostate
No surgical history on the prostate
History of difficulty urinating
The patient has cellulitis.
The patient has normal skin.
The patient has peripheral vascular disease.
Infant was delivered via surgery
Infant was delivered vaginally
Infant was preterm
Patient became more alert after treatment
Patient remained obtunded
Patient's O2 saturations were in the 80s
patient has anemia
patient has normal PT/INR.
patient has atrial fibrilation
The patient has high blood pressure
The patient’s high blood pressure is uncontrolled
The patient is on a beta blocker
patient is post op
patient has a normal heart
patient had a CABG
The patient has abnormal heart wall motion.
The patient has a normal heart.
The patient has a history of an inferior myocardial infarction.
The patient has symptoms of a asthma exacerbation.
The patient is having no breathing trouble.
The patient has asthma.
The patient has cancer
The patient has no history of cancer
The patient has breast cancer
The chest x ray shows no pneumonia
the chest x ray shows a focal consolidation
the patient has a cough
Patient has an arrhythmia
Patient has normal sinus rhythm
Patient has borderline blood pressure
patient is anemic
patient is polycythemic
patient is bleeding
The infant was delivered surgically.
The infant was born vaginally.
The infant was born at term.
The patient does not have symptoms for heart failure.
The patient has shortness of breath when lying down.
The patient does not have heart failure.
patient is recieving inpatient transufions
patient has normal blood counts
patient has guillan-barre
The patient does not endorse symptoms of infection.
The patient has fevers and chills.
The patient does not have a fever.
The patient requires benzodiazepines to treat his withdrawal.
The patient has overly sensitive benzodiazepine receptors.
The patient has had withdrawal seizures before.
The patient recieved prenatal screening.
The patient will require rhogam.
The patient takes prenatal vitamins.
She had signs and symptoms of congestive heart failure
She has normal cardiac function
She has a history of myocardial infarction
The patient required medical attention from a vascular surgeon
The patient and had no symptoms and was discharged home
The patient had symptoms of an abdominal aortic aneurysm
The patient was discharged on a beta blocker
The patient was unable to walk with help
The patient has high blood pressure
patient has high grade aortic stenosis
patient has normal aortic valve
patient has a bicuspid aortic valve
the patient is in respiratory failure
the patient has a normal arterial blood gas
the patient has ARDS
The patient has a lung infection.
The patient has clear lungs.
The patient is taking antibiotics.
The patient has a history of corticosteroid use.
The patient has no history of corticosteroid use.
The patient has reactive airway disease.
The patient is anemic.
The patient has polycythemia.
The patient is actively bleeding.
The patient is able to cry and move all limbs.
The patient was not breathing at birth.
The patient was born in a normal spontaneous vaginal delivery.
History of COPD
Testing and blood tests were normal
History of coronary artery disease
Patient is receiving fluids
Patient blood pressure did not change after fluids
Patient had blood loss
The patient has end stage renal disease.
The patient is at baseline mental status.
The patient missed a dialysis session.
the patient has a recent fall with facial swelling
patient has no history of trauma
patient has a facial fracture
History of high blood pressure and high cholesterol
No medical conditions
History of obesity
He requires emergency medical attention
He has no symptoms
He had a fall
Patient has infection
Patient has normal CXR
Patient has low O2 sats
Ultrasounds revealed appropriate development
Ultrasounds revealed intrauterine growth restriction
This is a high-risk pregnancy
Antibiotics were given before delivery
The mother received no antibiotics
The mother screened positive for group B strep
Patient has nonspecific signs and symptoms
Patient has normal MMSE
Patient has a fever
Endoscopy was abnormal
No history of cardiac symptoms
History of abnormal EKG
the patient has an elevated INR
the patient has normal coags
the patient is on warfarin
Patient has no CAD by imaging
Patient has no depression
Patient has anxiety
The patient has coronary artery disease.
The patient has normal coronary arteries.
The patient is taking a statin.
The patient is having significant pain.
The patient is breathing normally.
The patient has a right sided rib fracture.
Patient has begun antibiotics
Patient has no trouble breathing
Patient has pneumonia
the patient has a history of intubation
the patient has no history of recent illness
the patient is short of breath
There is blockage in the iliac artery
Normal arteries in the lower extremities
History of smoking and hypertension
Patient has CHF
Patient has a normal EF
Patient has pulmonary edema
Patient has hypotension
Patient has normal lab values
Patient has anemia
He was treated for colon cancer
He has no history of colon cancer
He has family history of colon cancer
The patient had an infection
The patient had an abdominal infection
The patient is immunocompromised
The patient has an enlarged heart.
The patient has a normal heart.
The patient is taking metformin for the diabetes.
She started chemotherapy
She denied chemotherapy treatment
She has leukemia
Patient has history of heart disease
No history of heart disease
Patient has history of hypertension and hyperlipidemia
Patient has a focal fluid collection
Patient has blood in the joint
Patient has no hip pain
The patient has congestive heart failure.
The patient has normal heart valves.
The patient aortic stenosis.
Proximal right coronary artery is completely occluded.
Cardiac function normal
History of hyperlipidemia
The patient was brought to the hospital by emergency medical services
The patient was brought to the hospital by private vehicle
The patient was unresponsive
Abnormal EKG
EKG was normal
History of cardiac disease
The patient has a history of cancer
The patient has no history of cancer
The patient had severe abdominal pain, vomiting and fever
The patient has a pulmonary artery catheter.
The patient does not have any intravenous catheters.
The patient had a recent myocardial infarction.
The patient is febrile.
The patient is normotensive.
The patient is has severe sepsis.
Patient has received medications via IV
Patient has a noncomplicated pregnancy
Patient has had a prior Cesarean delivery
He has coronary artery disease
He has normal coronary arteries
The disease is in the left anterior descending artery
Metabolic disease
No metabolic disease
Type 2 diabetes mellitus
She recently started a diuretic medication
She did not take any diuretics
She has hypertension
History of radiation
No history of radiation therapy to the pelvis
History of bladder cancer
Patient has cancer
Patient has no evidence of malignancy
Patient has bone metastases
Respiratory symptoms in the emergency department
Normal respiratory function
History of respiratory disease
The patient has multiple medical conditions
The patient has no history of cancer
The patient has metastatic breast cancer
The patient has history of coronary bypass surgery.
The patient has normal coronary arteries.
The patient has decreased cardiac function.
the patient has a non reassuring fetal heart tracing
the fetal heart tracing was normal
a C section was performed
patient denies symptoms of infection
patient has cough
patient has headache
The patient had an organ transplant.
The patient has a fully functioning immune system.
The patient has non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma.
Creatinine was higher than baseline, but decreased to 3.2
Creatinine continued to rise
History of diabetes
Patient has history of diarrhea
Patient has no history of gastrointestinal infection
Patient lives in a nursing home
Patient has malaise
Patient has no recent illness
Patient has anemia
The patient is not complaining of symptoms of a stroke.
The patient is complaining of a headache.
The patient is not having a stroke.
The patient has congestive heart failure.
The patient has has a normal heart.
The patient has a dilated left atrium.
The patient is requiring respiratory support.
The patient is breathing on room air.
The patient was born premature.
Her airway is maintained open
Respiratory function is normal
She was in a motor vehicle accident
History of hyperglycemia
No history of hyperglycemia
The patient‰Ûªs glucose levels are within normal limits
Imaging of the lungs was abnormal
Imaging of the lungs was unremarkable
The patient has shortness of breath
The triplet was born before 42 weeks.
The patient was born at term.
The Apgars are reassuring.
The patient has a pneumothorax.
The patient does not have a pneumothorax.
The patient has a chest tube.
He required medical attention
He was in good health yesterday and required no immediate medical attention
He sustained trauma and was unresponsive
The patient is on a calcium channel blocker
The patient is on no medications
The patient has hypertension and history of coronary artery disease
The patient is at risk of stroke.
The patient is not increased risk for a stroke.
The patient has essential hypertension.
The patient is at risk for a serious bleed.
The patient has no vascular problems.
The patient has arteriovascular disease.
patient has Atrial fibrillation
patient has normal heart rhythm
patient is anticoagulated
the patient is on antibiotics
the patient has no signs of infection
the patient has hospital acquired pneumonia
History of pneumonia
No history of bacterial pneumonia
The patient has had sick contacts
the patient had a recent stroke
the patient had a normal head CT
the patient is hypertensive
The patient is aware of his or her environment.
The patient is comatose.
The patient is not in acute condition.
Patient has elevated Cr
Patient has normal GFR
Patient has renal cancer
She underwent multiple surgical prodedures
She had no recent surgical procedures
She has a history of chronic lung disorder and smoking
The patient is hypothermic.
The patient is tachycardic.
The patient is septic.
Patient requires intensive monitoring
Patient has no symptoms
Patient has a cardiac condition
Mother of the infant had gestational diabetes
Pregnancy was uncomplicated
Mother of the infant has history of gestational diabetes in previous pregnancies
Chest x-ray is abnormal
Chest x-ray is normal
Oxygen saturation level is low
The patient has a clot in the left middle cerebral artery.
The patient has a normal head CT.
The patient has right sided weakness.
Patient has abnormal examination
Patient has no trouble breathing
Patient has had a tracheostomy
patient has coronary artery disease
patient has normal coronary arteries
patient has heart failure
the patient has shortness of breath
the patient denies shortness of breath
the patient has a PE
Patient has cardiac disease
Patient has normal physical exam
Patient has CHF
the patient has asystole
the patient has a normal EKG
the patient is recieving CPR
The patient has symptoms of a cardiac arrhythmia.
The patient is not having symptoms of a cardiac arrhythmia.
The patient has atrial fibrillation.
The patient has diabetes
The patient does not have diabetes
The patient has diabetic neuropathy
The patient has had prior thoracic surgery.
The patient has no history of malignancy.
The patient had a gastric pull through.
patient has pneumonia
patient does not have pneumonia
patient has community acquired pneumonia
The patient has had abdominal bleeding above the ligament of tritz.
The patient has not had a gastrointestinal bleed.
The patient has peptic ulcer disease.
Patient has seizures
Patient has normal brain MRI
Patient has had a prior stroke
Patient has a normal hematocrit.
Patient has a low hematocrit.
Patient recieved a transufion.
The patient had an appropriate heart rate.
The patient had an elevated heart rate.
The patient was born at term.
No history of cervical fracture
History of cervical fracture due to motor vehicle accident
No history of shoulder pain
She is bed bound
She is ambulatory
She has dementia
The patient has a chronic viral illness.
The patient has no viral illness.
The patient is taking antiretrovirals.
She had a terminated pregnancy
She has never been pregnant
She has no history of pregnancies carried to term
The patient is not constipated.
The patient is obstipated.
The patient had chest pain after pooping.
History of enlarged prostate
No history of any treatment for enlarged prostate
History of urinary tract infections
Wound on right foot has gotten worse
Wound on right foot has healed
Patient has diabetes
She had no syncope
She was unresponsive
She had a head injury
the patient was on keflex
the patient had completed the course of keflex
the patient had an allergic reaction
The patient was given medication to expel addional fluid through her urine.
The patient’s main problem is dehydration.
The patient has pulmonary edema.
He is being evaluated for abdominal pain
He denies abdominal pain
He has a history of smoking
Stroke scale score is indicative of stroke
Stroke scale score reveals no stroke symptoms
She has a history of atrial fibrillation
Apgars were within normal range.
The infant was in critical condition
The infant showed some cyanosis in the extremities
The patient has arrhythmia and history of stroke
The patient has no history of hyperglycemia
The patient is insulin dependent
The patient has neurological problems.
The patient has never received medical care before.
The patient has a structural brain problem.
History of heart disease
No history of cardiac disease
History of hyperlipidemia and hypertension
the patient was found unresponsive
the patient has normal mental status
the patient had a cardiac arrest
He is in pain
The patient denies pain
The patient has chest pain
He recently had pneumonia and a urinary tract infection
He has no history of urinary tract infection
He is taking antibiotics
The patient has a normal GCS.
The patient is obtunded.
The patient had no head trauma.
The patient had an abnormally low heart rate.
The patient has been tachycardic.
The patient had a myocardial infarction.
Mother is afebrile
Mother is febrile
Mother’s vitals are within normal limits
There is no maternal fever.
There is maternal fever.
There is viral illness.
The patient presented to the hospital
The patient was brought in by ambulance
The patient complained of pain
The patient was at their cognitive baseline at 9am.
The patient was functioning below their baseline at 0900.
The patient had a stroke.
History of arrhythmia
No history of irregular cardiac rhythm
History of stroke
Patient has atrial fibrillation
Patient has NSR
Patient has had a stroke
Patient has multiple chronic medical conditions
Patient requires no medications
Patient has extensive PMH
Patient has history of recent infection
Patient has no significant PMH
Patient has been given antibiotics
Patient has negative cardiac ROS
Patient has angina
Patient has NSR
The patient has signs of an infection from a line site.
The patient has no signs of infection.
The patient has a line infection.
The patient has end stage kidney disease.
The patient has a normal creatinine.
The patient has hypertension.
the patient ingested tylenol
the patient did not take tylenol
the patient overdosed
the patient is hypotensive
the patient is hypertensive
the patient is in cardiogenic shock
The patient is in no acute distress
The patient is in pain
The patient is diabetic
The patient is intubated.
The patient is not sedated.
The patient is critically ill.
The patient became hypotensive.
the patient is hypertensive.
The patient is septic.
History of sinue infections
No known allergies
History of headaches
Patient had blood drawn
Blood was not drawn
The patient has fatigue
he is a teacher
he is unemployed
he is married
The patient had a renal mass.
The patient has both native kidneys.
The patient had renal cancer
The patient is on a diuretic.
The patient has not been prescribed medication.
The patient has hypertension.
Patient has presented to the hospital
Patient has not been evaluated
Patient has tonic clonic seizure activity
the patient has a personality disorder
the patient has no psychiatric issues
the patient has depression
No abnormalities found initially from nasogastric lavage
Nasogastric lavage revealed blood
The patient was suspected to have a drug overdose
Patient has an acute infection
Patient has negative ROS and physical exam
Patient has abnormal CBC
The patient had a hip trauma.
The patient has never had surgery.
The patient had a fall.
The patient has an abnormal chest X-ray.
The patient has a normal chest CT.
The patient has tachypnea.
patient has diarrhea
patient is constipated
patient is dehydrated
She has a fever
Her workup indicated sepsis
She has viral illness
Patient has ETT in place
Patient has normal O2 sats on room air
Patient has trouble breathing
Patient has evidence of myocardial infarction
Patient has normal EKG
Patient has CAD
The patient has multiple lacunar infarcts.
The patient has a normal brain MRI.
The patient has carotid stenosis.
Patient has hypertension
Patient has normal blood pressure
Patient has normal physical exam
Patient is no longer intubated
Patient has active upper GI bleeding
Patient has had an upper GI intervention
the patient is anemic
the patient has polycythemia
the patient is bleeding
The patient was anemic.
The patient has polycythemia.
The patient is hemorrhaging blood.
The patient has an elevated INR.
The patient has normal liver function.
The patient has cirrhosis.
She has episodes of irregular heartbeat
She complains of no cardiac symptoms
She has atrial fibrillation
Patient has chronic medical conditions
Patient has no edema
Patient has normal BMI
there is concern for hypercoagulability
patient is hypocoagulable
patient has a DVT
The patient has a history of coronary artery disease
No history of cardiac disease
The patient has a history of high blood pressure and cholesterol
the patient denies signs of GI bleed
the patient has melena
the patient has a normal hemoglobin
the patient is fatigued
the patient has normal energy
the patient has the flu
the patient has squamous cell carcinoma of the bladder
the patient has transitional cell carcinoma
the patient is from asia
Valvular heart disease
No history of valvular heart disease
Heart murmur
patient required emergency medical services
patient has no complaints
patient is unstable
The patient has a peripheral nervous system dysfunction.
The patient has a normal parasympathetic nervous system.
The patient has diabetes.
He has a history of photochemotherapy
He has no history of steroid treatments
He has severe skin disease
The patient was treated with some antibiotics
The patient received no antibiotic treatment
The patient had intolerable side effects with ceftriaxone/azithromycin
History of urinary tract infection
Normal CBC
Complains of dysuria
The patient had no symptoms during the procedure
The patient's symptoms resolved after the procedure
The patient has pain
The patient is anemic.
The patient is has a normal hemaglobin.
The patient has a colon cancer.
Patient has an abnormal EKG
Patient has a STEMI
Patient has CAD
History of cardiac disease
No history of cardiac disease
History of hypertension and high cholesterol
The patient has cystic disease of the pancreas.
The patient has a normal pancreas.
The patient has pancreatic cancer.
Hip fractures on both sides
No history of fractures
History of falls
The patient had a toxic ingestion.
The patient has had no neurological insults.
The patient is a substance abuser.
Patient has been given IV medications
Patient is conscious while undergoing cardioversion
Patient has been cardioverted
The patient has a drug allergy to fosphenytoin
The patient tolerated the medication well
The patient had status epilepticus
He had bright red blood per rectum
He denies bleeding
He is anemic
SvO2 is normal
mixed venous oxygen saturation was low
The SvO2 remained stable
Mother tested negative for syphilis
The mother is multiparous
Infant is AB positive blood type
patient is premature
patient is full term
patient has surfactant defeciency
The patient has had multiple falls.
The patient has no problems with falls.
The patient has trouble with instability.
the patient has an LVAD
the patient has normal heart function
the patient has idiopathic cardiomypathy
The patient is coughing up blood
ROS is negative for hemoptysis
Patient is febrile
Potassium levels were high
Potassium levels were low
The patient has renal failure and hypertension
the patient has a pleural effusion
the patient was not on antibiotics
the patient has lung cancer
The patient is being treated for a lung infection.
The patient has clear lungs.
The patient is unable to control his secretions.
The patient is taking an anti epileptic.
The patient does not take any medications.
The patient has seizures.
The patient was not taking enough medication.
The patient does not take medication.
The patient has a seizure disorder.
Patient has CKD
Patient has not received dialysis
Patient has encephalopathy
the patient has chest pain
the patient denies chest pain
the patient has an STEMI
Patient is not short of breath.
Patient is in acute heart failure.
Patient has chronic heart disease.
Patient has history of cancer
Patient has both native kidneys
Patient has metastatic disease
She was prone for a few minutes
She was supine
She was found unresponsive
The patient has multiple diabetic comorbidities.
The patient has well controlled diabetes.
The patient is non compliant.
She has a small bowel obstruction
She has normal gastrointestinal function
She has a history of abdominal surgeries
patient is on lovenox
patient is not anticoagulated
patient has a dvt
the patient had a prior MI
the patient has no cardiac history
the patient had a cardiac cath
The patient is hypovolemic.
The patient has normal labs.
The patient has bowel ischemia.
patient has tracheal stenosis
patient has normal airway
patient has history of connective tissue disorder
The patient eats foods other than homecooked food.
The patient only eats home cooked food.
The patient had a recent GI infection.
Enlarged prostate
No prostate abnormalities
History of urinary urgency
the patient may have sleep apnea
the patient denies sleep apnea
the patient uses a CPAP
the patient has chest pain
the patient is asymptomatic
the patient has a myocardial infarct
the patient had respiratory distress
the patient is on room air
the patient has brain injury
patient has increasing o2 requirements
patient does not require o2
patient has pulmonary edema
The patient is not endorsing symptoms of a urinary tract infection.
The patient has urosepsis.
The patient does not have a urinary tract infection.
Patient has no evidence of hematochezia
Patient has a large bleeding colonic mass
Patient has anemia
The patient had an abnormal physical exam.
The patient has a normal exam.
The patient was having a myocardial infarction.
the patient is constipated
the patient has diarrhea
the patient is elderly
The patient is anemic.
The patient hsa a normal blood count.
The patient has anemia of chronic disease.
The patient received antibiotics
The patient received no antibiotics
The patient has an infection
Patient has osteoarthritis
Patient has acute fracture
Patient has sotesophytes
patient had seizures
patient has normal neurolgoic exam
patient has bacterial meningitis
There is concern for myocardial infarct.
The patient has a markedly elevated troponin
The patient has chest pain.
She received multiple medications
She tolerated them ativan and dilaudid well
She has a history of anxiety
patient is premature
patient was born at term
patient has surfactant defeciency
the patient has a history of brain bleed
the patient is anti coagulated
the patient has new onset afib
patient has a failed pregnancy
patient has children
patient has septate uterus
The patient had symptoms of drug withdrawal.
The patient has a normal exam.
The patient is tachycardic.
patient has intracranial hemorrhage
patient has normal head ct
patient had hypertensive hemorrhage
Symptoms concerning for acute coronary syndrome.
The patient has no symptoms of an acute myocardial infarction.
The patient is having a myocardial infarction.
the patient is tachycardic
the patient is hypotensive
the patient is short of breath
the patient is tolerating diet
the patient has poor po intake
the patient is gaining weight
History of skin cancer
No history of skin cancer
The patient has light skin and a history of excessive sun exposure
She was treated for chest pain
She received treatment without relief of her chest pain
She has a history of hyperlipidemia and hypertension
the patient denies symptoms of meningitis
the patient complains of headaches
the patient has a normal head CT
the patient cannot move his right arm
the patient has normal movement in his extremeties
the patient had a stroke
the patient has a leg injury
patient has no history of trauma
patient has a femur fracture
The patient denies shortness of breath
The patient complains of lightheadedness
The patient's ekg is normal
History of arrhythmia
No history of arrhythmias
History of stroke
The patient has bilious vomiting.
The patient has gastric outlet obstruction.
The patient has a small bowel obstruction.
Patient has elevated LDL
Patient has normal blood pressures
Patient has occasional palpitations
She was treated with a steroid and antibiotics
She received no antibiotics
She received medication for pain
Patient has cancer
Patient has no malignancy
Patient has metastases
Delivery was via c-section
Uncomplicated vaginal delivery
Delivery was at full term
She had a prior fetal loss in the second trimester
She has had no prior pregnancies
She is a carrier of genetic disease
The patient has acute renal failure.
The patient has a normal creatinine.
The patient has acute the patient had a recent nephrotoxic medication.
the patient has weakness
the patient has a normal neurologic exam
the patient has a stroke
The patient has significant coronary artery disease.
The patient does not have coronary artery disease.
The patient had a recent myocardial infarction.
the patient was fluid resuscitated
the patient is hypervolemic
the patient is septic
The patient has findings of heart failure.
The patient has normal cardiac function.
The patient has pulmonary edema.
the patient has neurologic dysfunction
the patient has a normal neurologic exam
the patient has an abnormal head CT
The patient is anemic.
The patient has a normal cbc.
The patient has an infection.
the patient had negative troponin.
the patient has aortic stenosis.
the patient has chest pain.
Patient has negative ROS
Patient has multiple complaints
Patient has no pain
the patient has polyneuropathy
the patient has normal sensory function
the patient has diabetes
The patient has abnormal coronary arteries.
The patient has normal coronary arteries.
The patient has congestive heart failure.
The patient is alive.
The patient condition deteriorated.
The patient is hospitalized.
The patient had in antravascular procedure.
The patient has not had an intraaterial procedure.
The patient has coronary artery disease.
The patient was started on antibiotics
Chest x-ray was normal
The patient has cough
The patient is post bowel resection.
The patient has no surgical history.
The patient has a history of inflammatory bowel disease.
Patient has CAD
Patient has no risk of MI
Patient has PAD
The patient does not have bacteria growing in the urine.
The patient has bacteremia.
The patient has SIRS.
The patient has complications from radiation therapy.
The patient has no history of malignancy.
The patient has urinary incontinence.
History of cancer
No history of skin cancer
History of basal cell carcinoma
The patient had a drug overdose.
The patient has normal mental status.
The patient attempted suicide.
Patient has had trauma
Patient has normal physical exam
Patient has multiple fractures
At time time of preterm labor the fetal lungs were not fully developed.
The patient that patient has a history of a prior hysterectomy.
The patient was given steroids to help with fetal lung development.
the patient is pregnant
the patient is not pregnant
the patient is full term
the patient had a benign pregnancy
the patient had HELLP syndrome
it was the first pregnancy
The patient has high blood sugars.
The patient has normal blood sugar.
The patient is on corticosteroid therapy.
Patient has chronic medical conditions
Patient has no surgical history
Patient has diabetes
Patient has worsening respiratory function
Patient has no symptoms
Patient has poor O2 sat
The patient has a congenital heart defect
The echo was revealed no abnormalities
The patient has a heart murmur
History of high cholesterol
No history of elevated cholesterol
History of hypertension
The patient is being evaluated for cancer
The patient’s lab work was normal
The patient complains of fatigue and weight loss
He was treated with positive airwary pressure
Respiratory function is normal
He has a history of COPD
Patient has started antibiotics
Patient has no infection
Patient has a UTI
She has a chest tube
She denies pain, nausea or vomiting
She has been vomiting
Systolic blood pressure is low and heart rate is high
Vitals were within normal limits
Presenting with hemorrhage
He was seen in the emergency room
He has no health concerns
He is vomiting
The patient has edema issues.
The patient does not have an infection.
The patient is septic.
The patient has hearburn.
The patient has a normal GE junction.
The patient has Barrett's esophagus.
The patient has had multiple ED visits.
The patient has never been admitted to the hospital.
The patient is malingering.
The patient no longer has central venous access.
The patient does not have venous access.
The patient was treated in the ICU.
Labs were abnormal
The patient's labwork was within normal limits
The patient had pyloric stenosis
Patient has positive ROS
Patient has no symptoms
Patient has positive exam findings
The patient has not traveled out of the country recently
The patient recently traveled to South America
The patient is up-to-date on all vaccinations
Patient has cardiac symptoms
Patient has no medical history
Patient has CAD
The patient had a small bowel vascular malformation.
The patient has no history of lower GI bleed.
The patient’s AVM was discovered by colonscopy.
The patient has acute pancreatitis.
The patient has normal lipase.
The patient has necrotic pancreatitis.
Patient has new symptoms
Patient has no new complaints
Patient has a chronic medical disease
The patient has been pregnant twice.
The patient has never been pregnant.
The patient has a recent delivery.
The patient sustained head trauma
No history of falls or trauma
He suffered a head injury
Patient had low blood pressure
Patient has no requirement for IABP
Patient has cardiogenic shock
Patient has no evidence of acute infection
Patient has premature rupture of membranes
Patient is primagravid
Patient has unintentional weight loss
Patient has stable BMI
Patient has cancer
She is fatigued
She reports no fatigue
She is anemic
the patient is hypoxic
the patient is on room air
the patient has pulmonary edema
He has recent trauma, resulting in a tear in the vertebral artery
No recent trauma
The patient received anticoagulation treatment after the injury
Patient has UTI
Patient has no active infection
Patient has recurrent infections
The patient has diabetic ketoacidosis.
The patient has a normal functioning pancreas.
The patient is a type 1 diabetic.
Patient has had a trauma
Patient has no complaints
Patient is in critical condition
Patient has aortic valvular disease
Patient has a normal aortic valve area
Patient has aortic regurgitation
Patient has cardiac arrhythmia
Patient has NSR
Patient has had a STEMI
Patient has chronic infarct
Patient has an acute infarct
Patient has no CAD
Patient has abnormal physical exam
Patient has normal ROS
Patient has signs of appendicitis
Patient has a history of seizure medication
No history of seizures
He has had no seizures in the past 5 years
Ultrasound was performed to estimate date of delivery
The patient is in her first trimester of pregnancy
Prenatal screens were negative
The patient is at high risk for suicide.
The patient has no history of substance abuse.
The patient has a narcotics dependency.
the patient is on high dose methotrexate
the patient has no mental status change
the patient has tumor lysis syndrome
The patient has signs of an infection.
The patient is afebrile.
The patient has acute diverticulitis.
The patient had episodes of bleed that have stopped.
The patient has never had any episodes of abnormal bleeding.
The patient had a GI bleed.
The patient denies facial droop.
The patient has facial droop.
The patient has a normal neurologic exam.
the patient was at one time suicidal
the patient has no history of suicidal ideations
the patient is bipolar
the patient is on oral vancomycin
the patient is taking IV vancomycin
the patient has C diff
Patient has acute pain
Patient has normal physical exam
Patient takes narcotics
A CT scan of the face using a bone algorithm kernel.
The CT scan was preformed on the foot.
The patient receiving this scan had a trauma to the face.
She has abdominal pain
She denies pain
She has GERD
The patient has a history of athsma or COPD.
The patient has normal lungs.
The patient is a smoker.
The patient has heart disease
Cardiac function is normal
History of obesity
The patient has slurred speech.
The patient has full muscle strength.
The patient has antibodies against muscle receptors.
She is febrile
Her vitals were within normal limits
She has an infection
Patient has evidence of URI
Patient has negative ROS
Patient has abnormal CBC
The patient denies pain
The patient complains of nausea
The patient is alert and oriented x 3
The patient is at high risk for clotting.
The patient is at low risk for a blood clot when not taking a blood thinner.
The patient has an elevated INR.
The baby was recently born.
The baby was born vaginally.
The patient was large for gestational age.
Patient has a wound
Patient has normal examination
Patient has diabetes
the patient has an abnormal EKG
the patient has a normal ekg
the patient is having an acute STEMI
Patient has cancer
Patient has no evidence of metastatic disease
Patient has colon malignancy
the patient had assisted fertilization.
this was an unplanned pregnancy.
the patient has advanced maternal age.
Patient presented with cyst
Patient has no skin complaints.
Patient has Gardner's Syndrome
Screening for syphilis was negative
Screening test for syphilis was positive
Mother has no past medical history
History of eye condition
No history of eye condition
Family history of glaucoma
The patient had renal dysfunction
The patient has no history of elevated creatinine
The patient’s renal function improved
Imaging reveals carotid artery disease
Imaging reveals no carotid artery stenosis
History of TIAs
the patient had a C-section
the patient had a vaginal delivery.
the patient had a full term pregnancy
Patient has acute renal injury
Patient has urinary outlet obstruction
Patient has CKD
the patient had an emergent cath
the patient has no acute complaints
the patient had an MI
Patient has atherosclerosis
Patient has widely patent carotid vasculature
Patient has elevated carotid velocities
Patient has normal vital signs
Patient has a fever
Patient has no complaints
the patient had normal apgars
the patient is obtunded
the patient is full term
patient has a cough
patient denies cough
patient has bacterial pneumonia
patient has cellulitis
patient is not on antibiotics
patient has diabetes
He has low hematocrit levels
His vitals are normal
He has and infection
The patient has symptoms of  systemic inflammatory response syndrome.
The patient is normotensive.
The patient has sepsis.
the patient has a right lung mass
the patient has a normal chest x ray
the patient has adenocarcinoma
The patient was given an non narcotic pain medication.
The patient was prescribed a narcotic pain medicine.
The patient had a recent procedure.
Patient has nausea
Patient has no emesis
Patient has diarrhea
Patient has had surgery
Patient has not had surgery
Patient has a SBO
Patient has had imaging performed
Patient has no abdominal complaints
Patient has cirrhosis
MRI of the head was abnormal
MRI revealed no change
History of headache
Patient has no endotracheal tube
Patient is on a ventilator
Patient has asthma
History of brain cancer
No history of cancer
History of seizures and memory loss
The patient had cervical spine surgery.
The patient has not had surgery.
The patient had a oropharyngeal carcinoma with extension to the dens.
The patient is at risk for respiratory distress.
The infant was born at herm.
The patient’s mother was given steroids prior to delivery.
Patient has PAD
Patient has normal vasculature
Patient has CAD
Patient has an acute infection
Patient has no medical allergies
Patient has leukocytosis
The patient complains of difficulty breathing
The patient denies difficulty breathing
The patient is a smoker
the patient has a normal ejection fraction
the patient has heart failure
the patient has coronary artery disease
Cerebral angiogram was abnormal
Cerebral angiogram was unremarkable
History of hyperlipidemia
Patient has neurological symptom
Patient has no complaints
Patient has paresthesia
the patient had an EGD
the patient has not had an EGD
the patient had an upper gi bleed
The patient has distended bowel.
The patient has normal bowel function.
The patient has had recent surgery.
The patient has a pulmonary condition.
The patient has no issues breathing.
The patient has congestive heart failure.
the patient has diverticulosis
the patient had a negative colonoscopy
the patient has abdominal pain
the patient has an abnormal bone marrow biopsy
the patient has a normal bone marrow
the patient has myeloma
The patient has a percutaneous feeding tube.
The patient does not have an abdominal feeding tube.
The patient is unable to intake foot by mouth.
Spirometry indicated normal lung function
Spirometry results were abnormal
The patient has pulmonary diseae
The patient received medication to break apart clot.
The patient has a normal neurological exam.
The patient had a stroke.
Arrhythmia.
Normal cardiac function
History of coronary artery disease
The patient was improving
The patient remained in critical condition
The patient was ambulatory
Patient has degenerative hip disease
Patient has left hip rheumatoid arthritis
Patient has osteoarthritis
the patient has aphasia
the patient has normal mental status
the patient had an acute stroke
The patient has fluid in the thoracic cavity.
The patient has does not have fluid in the lung.
The patient has congestive heart failure.
patient has recent urosepsis
patient has no recent hospitalization
patient completed antiobitics course
The patient does not have a headache.
The patient is having migraines with auras.
The patient does not have symptoms of a migraine.
History of blood clots
No history of deep vein thrombosis
The patient is on anticoagulant medication
The patient has a central line.
The patient has no medical problems.
The patient is obtunded.
the patient is an eldest child
the patient has siblings
the patient is a newborn
Patient has colitis
Patient has normal imaging
Patient has an infectious condition
The patient requires supplemental oxygen.
The patient does not require oxygen.
The patient has respiratory failure.
patient is short of breath
patient has normal physical exam
patient has pleural effusions
the patient has IPMNs
the patient has a normal pancreatic duct
the patient will undergo whipple procedure
Infant was observed in a car seat before discharge
Car seat screening revealed no desaturations
Infant has a history of apnea
The patient does not have symptoms of a CHF exacerbation.
The patient is having chest pain.
The patient is not having a CHF exacerbation.
Patient has low O2 saturations
Patient has no distress
Patient has normal CXR
The patient's medication was reduced do to increased creatinine levels
Creatinine was within normal limits
The patient has renal disease
She takes a cholinesterase inhibitor
She is on no medications
She has a history of myasthenia gravis
the patient is in respiratory distress
the patient is cyanotic
the patient is premature
The patient has multiple medical conditions
The patient has no respiratory disease
The patient has liver dysfunction
The patient has symptoms of a myocardial infarction.
The patient is complaining of symptoms of a stroke.
The patient is having a myocardial infarction.
The patient has fungus in the lung
No pulmonary abnormalities
The patient has immunodeficiency
Patient has angina
Patient has no need for EKG
Patient has CAD
the patient has bloating
the patient has no abdominal pain
the patient has cancer
Pain the in anterior head
There is headache associated with blurry vision
History of hypertension
The patient is pregnant.
The patient was inpregnated by IVF.
The patient was not trying to get pregnant.
The patient has a depressed cognitive functioning.
The patient is able to speak in full sentences.
The patient is demented.
The patient has episodes of not breathing.
The patient was born at term.
The patient had low agars at birth.
the patient has HIV
the patient has no history of HIV
the patient is on HAART
Patient has positive ROS
Patient has no complaints
Patient has positive exam findings
patient has esophageal varices
patient has a normal EGD
patient has a gi bleed
The patient is breathing faster than normal.
The patient was breathing normally.
The patient is elderly.
Patient has evidence of CHF
Patient has normal CXR
Patient has abnormal vital signs
Patient has chronic pulmonary condition
Patient has normal oxygenation
Patient has abnormal PFTs
Patient has dyspnea
Patient has normal chest CT
Patient has emphysema
The patient was assessed with ultrasound.
The patient had an abnormal ultrasound.
The patient does not have any acute findings.
The patient is normotensive.
The patient is hypotensive.
The patient has an oxygenation problem.
Cardiac review of systems were negative
Patient reports angina
No history of cardiac disease
Patient has malignancy
Patient has no prior DVT
Patient has history of clotting
The patient has IV access.
The patient does not have IV access.
The patient has pulmonary edema.
he denies loss of consciousness
he had a loss of consciousness
he was in an MVA
Tylenol is a pain killer.
Tylenol is an opiate pain medication.
Tylenol can treat fevers.
She has had more than one urinary tract infection
She denies pain in her abdomen
She has a history of pyelonephritis
The patient is at increased risk of bleeding.
The patient is at no increased risk of bleeding.
The patient is taking coumadin.
The patient does not have abnormal pericardial fluid.
The patient has cardiac tamp anode from compression from pericardial fluid.
The patient does not have pericarditis.
Patient has -
Patient has -
Patient has -
History of infectious disease
No history of infectious disease from tick bites
history of bull’s eye rash
Patient has normal neurological exam
Patient has had a large stroke
Patient has negative review of systems
Difficulty breathing
Patient tolerated procedure well.
Patient is unresponsive
Patient has impairment
Patient has normal exam
Patient has had a stroke
The patient is taking anti epileptics.
The patient has never had a seizure.
The patient has generalized tonic clonic seizures.
the patient ahas a history of small bowel obstruction
the patient has no history of obstruction
the patient has adhesions
the patient had a recent stroke
the patient has a normal brain MRI
the patient has hemiparesis
Patient has a history of HTN
Patient has no PMH
Patient has a history of stroke
The patient was recently born.
The patient was born premature.
The patient was born by vaginal delivery.
The history was difficult to collect.
The patient was a good historian.
The patient was unable to provide a history.
Treated with antibiotics
No signs or symptoms of infection
Immunocompromised
fThe patient has significant peripheral vascular disease.
The patient has no past medical history.
The patient has vascular dementia.
Patient has post-operative complications
Patient has abnormal imaging
Patient has no infection
Allergic to many antibiotics
No known drug allergies
Develops rash as a reaction to multiple antibiotics
The patient had acute chest pain and was sweating
The patient denied pain
The patient has a history of hypertension and obesity
The patient‰Ûªs clotting time was increased.
The patient had no bleeding issues.
The patient had platelet dysfunction.
Patient has a neurological finding
Patient has normal exam
Patient has a spinal tumor
Patient has acidosis
Patient has normal blood pH
Patient has sepsis
Abdominal pain is present
Normal GI function
Bloody stools are present
The patient has an irregular heart beat.
The patient has a regular heart beat.
The patient is taking metoprolol.
the patient is intubated
the patient is alert
the patient was found down
Her headache resolved
Her headache has gotten worse
She has a history of migraines
the patient has multiple medical problems
the patient has no past medical history
the patient is diabetic
The patient was hospitalized
The patient received no treatment
The patient has a pulmonary embolism
The infant is in the NICU
The mother had an uncomplicated pregnancy
the patient is premature
The patient has had an operation.
The patient has no surgery history.
The patient had a knee replacement.
Patient has just been born
Patient is a male
Patient has no concerning symptoms
The patient has an intracranial problem.
The patient has a normal CT head.
The patient aspirated.
He had a fall
The patient denies fall
The patient has a fracture
The patient has a hematologic disorder.
The patient has a normal blood smear.
The patient has leukemia.
Patient has evidence of pre-eclampsia
Patient has no symptoms
Patient has had a seizure
No information on past hematocrit levels
Past hematocrit levels have been stable
Previous electrolyte levels have been within normal limits
The patient had diarrhea
The patient had no gastrointestinal dysfunction
The patient has a history of chronic antibiotic use
The patient required vasopressures.
The patient was tachycardic.
The patient has congestive heart failure.
patient has history of cabg
patient has a normal heart
patient has chest pain
The patient had an endobronchial stent.
The patient no endobronchial lesions.
The patient has COPD.
Chest x-ray was abnormal
Chest x-ray was normal
The patient has a history of smoking
Imaging of the heart was abnormal
The patient is volume depleted
The patient has edema
The patient is on broad spectrum antibiotics.
The patient does not require antibiotics.
The patient has sepsis.
The patient’s stools appeared abnormal
There was no evidence of blood in the stools
History of peptic ulcer
patient has a history of seizures
Patient is in status epilepticus
patient takes Keppra
Patient has a spine fracture
Patient has a normal MRI Spine exam
Patient has a negative MRI brain exam
Patient is seeking medical care
Patient wishes to be seen outpatient
Patient has chronic pain
Patient has poor renal function
Patient has normal kidney function
Patient has CKD
The patient was had a recent complicated hospital course
The patient recently was infected with parainfluenza virus and recovered with no complications
The patient has a history of smoking
Patient has a chronic condition
Patient has normal right atrial pressures
Patient has cardiomegaly
Patient has decreased PO intake
Patient has normal PO intake
Patient has pain
Patient has CKD
Patient has normal Cr
Patient has AKI
The patient has an infection.
The patient has no symptoms of an infection.
The patient has diverticulitis.
Patient has a congenital disorder
Patient has no complaints
Patient has had multiple seizures
The patient has had pelvic surgery.
The patient has never had surgery.
the patient has urinary continance.
No audible sound on hip examination
Signs of hip dysplasia
Patient had normal delivery
The patient had high blood pressure
Vitals were within normal limits
The patient has a history of renal disease
The patient is at a high risk for bleeding.
The patient has a normal brain structure.
The patient’s coumadin is supertheraputic.
The patient has a history of diverticulitis
The patient denies pain
The patient has a history of coronary artery disease
The patient’s immune system is suppressed.
The patient has a normal immune system.
The patient has HIV.
The patient has melanoma.
The patient has metastic axillary nodes.
The patient has no metastatic disease.
The patient has an infection.
The patient does not require supplemental oxygen.
The patient has pneumonia.
He has no difficulty breathing
He complains of difficulty breathing
He denies cough
The patient was given a medication to constrict blood vessels.
The patient patient was not given medication.
The patient has a bleeding wound.
The patient has multiple medical conditions
The patient has normal renal function
The patient has a history of myocardial infarction
The patient has renal failure.
The patient has normal renal function.
The patient is hyperkalemic.
the patient has a history of glaucoma
the patient has normal blood pressure
the patient has diabetes
the patient is a newborn
the patient has a low heart rate
the patient is full term
The patient has acute coronary syndrome.
The patient was not transferred by flight.
The patient has significant coronary artery athrosclerosis.
Imaging does not reveal disc herniation
Imaging reveals disc herniation
The patient complains of back pain and numbness
The patient has symptoms concerning for an acute myocardial infarction.
The patient has
the patient has coronary artery disease.
She patient has a wound infection
She has normal urinalysis
the patient is septic
The patient has a history of urosepsis.
The patient has not been on antibiotics.
The patient was treated with IV antibiotics.
Patient has discomfort
Patient has negative ROS
Patient has appendicitis
the patient has presumptive endocarditis
the patient has no signs of infection
the patient is an IV drug abuser
She received surgery for breast cancer
No history of breast cancer
She has metastatic breast cancer
the patient has cellulitis
the patient has no infection
the patient has diabetes
Patient has elevated glucose
Patient has no chronic medical condition
Patient has history of high Hgb A1c
the patient had improving LFTs
the patient has worsening LFTs
the patient has passive liver congestion from heart failure
the patient has coronary artery disease
the patient has normal coronary arteries
the patient recieved a stent
the patient has no neurologic responses
the patient is alert
the patient is post cardiac arrest
The patient is intubated
The patient is not on a ventilator
The patient requires intubation
The patient has evidence of cardiac ischemia
the patient has a normal troponin
the patient has chest pain
Patient has abnormal chest CT
Patient has normal mediastinoscopy
Patient has had an intervention
The patient has EKG changes concerning for myocardial infarction
the ekg is normal
the patient is obtunded
The patient has peripheral vascular disease.
The patient has patent vessels.
The patient has coronary artery disease.
The patient is hypotensive.
The patient is hypertensive.
The patient has heart failure.
the patient is nauseated
the patient has bilious vomiting
the patient has gerd
The patient requires respiratory support.
The patient is breathing normally.
The patient has muconeium aspiration.
Heart disease
Normal cardiac function
History of hypertension
A diuretic was given
Normal cardiac function
History of diabetes
Patient is status post trauma
Patient has normal head CT exam
Patient has transtentorial herniation
the patient has nausea and vomiting
the patient denies nausea
the patient is febrile
The patient has community acquired pneumonia.
The patient had a normal x ray.
The patient is a smoker.
the patient has an infection
the patient is not on antibiotics
the patient has C diff
patient has cardiac risk factors
patient has low blood pressure
patient has diabetes
Patient has a normal eye exam
Patient has evidence of cranial nerve palsy
Patient has no glaucoma
the patient has a UTI
the patient has clean urine
the patient is confused
The patient had an MRI of the brain.
The patient has a normal brain.
The patient has a intracranial mass.
Patient has no evidence of malignancy
Patient has never had cancer
Patient has negative imaging studies
the patient has a renal mass
the patient has a known diagnosis
the patient has renal cell carcinoma
The patient takes medication.
The patient does not have a cough.
The patient has COPD.
The patient has had chest pain
The patient denies recent chest pain
The patient has a history of hypertension
The patient lost consciousness suddenly.
The patient has never lost consciousness.
The patient has a cardiac arrhythmia.
Her systolic blood pressure is within normal limits
She is hypertensive
She is on anti-hypertensive medication
patient is an alcoholic
patient does not use alcohol
patient is in withdrawal
the patient has a transplant
the patient is immunocompetent
the patient has a liver transplant
The patient is being diuresed.
The patient has normal volume status.
The patient has congestive heart failure.
patient has a history of afib
patient has no history of arrythmia.
patient is on beta blocker
Patient has fevers
Patient has not been given IV antibiotics
Patient has meningitis
He is on an antibiotic
He has no infection
He has a UTI
Denies elevated temperature
Complains of emesis
Denies abdominal pain
patient is newborn
patient is unstable
patient was a vaginal delivery
Patient has cardiac arrhythmia
Patient has normal sinus rhythm
Patient has CAD
The patient has an elevated body temperature.
The patient’s body temperature is normal.
The patient has pneumonia.
the patient does not have strabismus
the patient has strabismus
the patient has a normal neurologic exam
Mass in left lung
No masses seen in the lungs
Pt has shortness of breath
History of breast cancer
No history of breast cancer
The patient had a mastectomy
Patient has negative ROS
Patient has hematochezia
Patient has negative exam
History of knee dysfunction
No history of orthopedic problems
History of knee replacement
History of seizures
No history of seizures
Treated with Keppra
Patient has abnormal colonoscopy
Patient has normal abdominal CT
Patient has hematochezia
The patient has a history of prostate problems
The patient has no surgical history
The patient has a history of BPH
THe patient has a clot in the duodenum.
The patient had a normal upper endoscopy.
The patient has an upper gi bleed.
the patient is hypothermic
the patient is febrile
the patient is septic
The patient is concerned for a UTI.
The patient feels well.
The patient has had prior UTIs.
She received IV antibiotics
She had no pain, fever, infection or indication for antibiotics
She had a fever
Coronary artery disease
No history of heart disease
On anti-hypertensive medication
The patient is physically active.
The patient is sedentary.
The patient has normal weight.
Patient has malignancy
Patient has normal CBC
Patient has abnormal myeloblasts
The patient has a symptoms of acute coronary syndrome.
The patient has normal lipids.
The patient is having an acute myocardial infarction.
Patient has elevated INR
Patient has normal coagulation profile
Patient has history of stroke
She was able to sleep
She is unresponsive
She received sleep aids
The pregnancy is at least 25 weeks gestation
The mother is in her first trimester
The pregnancy is uncomplicated
culteres were sent
no cultures were sent
patient was septic
Patient has hypotension
Patient has normal vital signs
Patient is in the ICU
Patient has a psychiatric disorder
Patient has a normal MMSE
Patient has a renal infection
Troponin recently slightly increased
Normal cardiac enzymes
History of heart attack
The patient has an elevated creatinine.
The patient has normal renal function.
The patient has ATN.
Patient has started steroids
Patient has no medical condition
Patient has asthma
The patient gets triggered many times a day, requiring treatment
The patient denies shortness of breath
The patient has allergies and worsening asthma and chest tightness
The patient does not have symptoms of an acute myocardial infarction.
The patient has lower extremity cellulitis.
The patient does not have pneumonia.
The patient has mental illness
The patient has no mental illness
The patient has visual hallucinations and depression
Patient has multiple chronic medical conditions
Patient has normal blood glucose
Patient has trouble breathing
Hyperlipidemia
Cholesterol is within normal limits
History of obesity
The patient had tubes within the thoracic cavity.
The patient did not have intrathoracic lines.
The patient had a pneumothorax.
The patient has hemorrhoids
The patient has no rectal bleeding
The patient has history of constipation
The patient is diabetic.
The patient does not have an autoimmune condition.
The patient has difficulty taking insulin.
Syphilis screening was negative
Blood type is A positive
CBC and toxicology screen was negative
Patient is a poor historian
Patient has hematemesis
Patient has no acute symptoms
He became unresponsive
He remained alert and oriented x 3
He has a history of substance abuse
The patient takes home medications
Home medications were discontinued
Patient’s symptoms have resolved on home medications
the patient is septic
the patient has no signs of infection
the patien has altered mental status
the patient is on an amiodarone drip
the patient has normal heart rhythm
the patient has rapid afib
Rupture of amniotic sac was at delivery
Amniotic fluid was meconium stained
The delivery was uncomplicated
The patient has iron deficiency anemia.
The patient has normal blood count.
Patient is a pre menopausal woman.
Heart rate was higher than 140
Heart rate was normal
The patient received a beta blocker
He has a history of heart disease and drug abuse
No history of drug abuse
He has a history of obesity
Patient has evidence of ILD
Patient has no need for a biopsy
Patient has poor O2 sats
History of arrhythmia
No history of arrhythmia
Rate controlled with a beta blocker
patient has a history of cabg
the patient has a normal heart
patient has low cardiac output
The patient has a history of cancer
No history of hepatic disease
The patient presents with jaundice
She has metastatic disease
She has no metastatic disease
The patient has breast cancer
The baby has an apgar of at least 4.
The infant was floppy with a poor tone.
The infant was born healthy.
Patient has neoplasm
Patient has an intact small and large bowel
Patient has stage IV cancer
History of heart disease
No history of previous cardiac stenting
History of hyperlipidemia and hypertension
The patient does not have a sensation of not being able to breath.
The patient is SOB.
The patient does not have CHF.
The patient is able to breath comfortably.
The patient
The patient is not having a CHF exacerbation.
the patient has cerebral infarcts
the patient has a hyperacute infarct
the patient has acute neurologic deficits
The patient has congestive heart failure
The patient has normal cardiac function
The patient has shortness of breath
the patient has esophageal cancer
the patient has squamous cell carcinoma
the patient has a long standing history of GERD
The infant required immediate medical attention
The infant was stable and was placed on mother at two minutes of life
The infant was delivered prematurely
the patient has cecal polyps
the patient has no history of bleeding
the polyps are benign
the patient has prior lacunar infarcts
the patient has a normal brain MRI
the patient has acute neurologic deficits
Patient has an acute medical condition
Patient has normal imaging findings
Patient has a PE
The patient was taken off dopamine
The patient was continued on dopamine
The patient has heart failure
the patient has a history of a mild fever
the patient has no history of recent fever
the patient has pneumonia
The patient has a lower extremity fracture.
The patient has had neuromuscular compromise.
The patient has a tibia fracture.
History of multiple medical conditions and past surgeries
No surgical history
History of smoking
Patient has positive CT findings
Patient has normal brain parenchyma
Patient has mets
She had a twin pregnancy
She delivered vaginally
She delivered preterm
Patient has hypothermia
Patient has normal vital signs
Patient has sepsis
He has received repeated ultrasounds
He has received one ultrasound
He had bloodwork, which was negative
The patient has a urinary tract infection.
The patient has a clean UA.
The patient has urosepsis.
Patient has angina
Patient has negative ROS
Patient has STEMI
She was evaluated for cardiac function
She has normal cardiac function
She has a family history of heart disease
The patient is reconditioned.
The patient is in normal health.
The patient has a chronic medical condition.
The patient has multiple medical complaints.
The patient has no symptomatic complaints.
The patient has chronic medical problems.
The patient receives enteral feeds
The patient is tolerating tube feeds well
The patient has malnutrition
She tested negative for syphilis
She is colonized with group B strep bacteria.
She does not have gestational diabetes
the patient denies cardiac symptoms
the patient has chest pain
the patient has a history of heart failure
The patient and her family declined a central line
The patient consented to the placement of a central line
The patient had recent pneumonia
The patient does not have symptoms of a COPD exacerbation.
The patient has severe pulmonary edema.
The patient does not have a COPD exacerbation.
the patient has pain
the patient denies pain
the patient has abdominal pain
History of heart disease
No history of cardiac disease
History of hypertension and smoking
The patient does not have symptoms of hypotension.
The patient
The patient has is not having an acute myocardial infarction.
Treated for cardiac symptoms
Normal cardiac function
Treated for myocardial infarction
The patient has reassuring apgars.
The patient has concerning Apgars.
The patient was born from a normal spontaneous vaginal delivery.
In the PACU, the patient was hypotensive and febrile
In the PACU, the patient’s vitals were within normal limits
In the PACU, the patient’s became tachycardic
the patient has progressive dyspnea
the patient denies shortness of breath
the patient has heart failure
The patient is at baseline mental status.
The patient has continued altered mental status.
The patient had delerium.
patient has acute cardiac ischemia
patient has a normal nuclear cardiac scan
patient has chest pain
The patient has fewer than normal platelets.
The patient has more than normal platelets.
The patient has an autoimmune condition.
the patient has a normal birth weight
the patient has low birth weight
the patient has neonatal jaundice
The patient has a history of alcohol abuse.
The patient denies alcohol use.
The patient is a smoker.
Treatment for infection
No signs of infection
The patient is in critical care
the patient has a cough post procedure
the patient is asymptomatic
the patient has lung cancer
Patient has airspace disease
Patient has normal lungs on CXR
Patient has pneumonia
The patient is about to have surgery.
The patient has appendicitis.
The patient had a CT scan.
Patient has signs of infection
Patient has normal temperature
Patient has sepsis
She is experiencing blood loss
She has no small bowel tumors.
She has abdominal pain.
The patient has a cervical spine injury.
The patient has a normal cervical spine.
The patient has spinal cord injury.
The patient had a vascular sclerosing procedure performed.
The patient has never had an endovascular procedure.
The patient has atrial fibrillation.
He developed a lung infiltrate
His had no respiratory abnormalities or symptoms
He had pneumonia
No reported medical conditions
Past medical history of diabetes
No past surgical history
Patient has hyperlipidemia
Patient has normal cholesterol
Patient has had a stroke
Patient has angina
Patient has no symptoms
Patient has CAD
the mother is positive for group B strep
the mother is negative for group b strep
the mother was given antibiotics during delivery
The patients setting of care was changed.
The patient was kept at the same hospital.
The patient required higher level of care.
The patient has a ureteral calculus
the patient has no stones
the patient has left flank pain
She was given Norepinephrine
No history of abnormal cardiac rhythm
She has a history of heart disease
the patient was short of breath
the patient denies shortness of breath
the patient has a PE
The patient recieved IV fluids.
The patient responded to IV fluids.
The patient is hypotensive.
The patient has coronary artery disease.
The patient has normal coronary arteries.
The patient has chest pain.
The patient has cardiac ischemia.
The patient has normal cardiac perfusion.
The patient has acute coronary syndrome.
Patient has elevated A1c
Patient has negative PMH
Patient has ketoacidosis
the patient has a history of skin cancer
the patient has no history of skin cancer
the patient has no metastatic disease
Neurodegenerative disease
No neurocognitive impairment
History of Down Syndrome
Patient has signs of CHF
Patient has normal respiratory function
Patient has trouble sleeping flat
Patient has positive review of systems
Patient has no dyspnea
Patient has poor O2 saturation
She has lost weight in the last year
She has gained weight in the last year
She has a history of gastric bypass
The patient does not have symptoms of an myocardial infarction.
The patient has all of the symptoms of a myocardial infarction.
The patient is not having a myocardial infarction.
The patient is lethargic.
The patient is energetic.
The patient is confused.
The patient complains of dysphagia.
The patient has a normal swallow.
The patient has achalasia.
The patient is obese.
The patient has no concerns for intubation.
The patient is morbidly obese.
Patient has sign of neurological disease
Patient has normal cerebellar function
Patient has abnormal brain MRI
He will be getting surgery
He is not stable enough for surgery
He will be undergoing abdominal surgery
the patient has respiratory distress
the patient has normal respiratory function
the patient has community acquired pneumonia
The patient is on broad spectrum antibiotics.
The patient has not had antibiotics.
The patient is septic.
The patient has a pulmonary infection.
The patient has no infection.
The patient has a ventilator acquired pneumonia.
She has had headaches for many years
Her present headaches were described as “worst headache of my life”
She has sensitivity of light associated with her headaches
Her pregnancy is not at full term
Her pregnancy is at term
She has a history of preterm labor
The patient does not have any abnormal heart sounds.
The patient has severe aortic regurgitation.
The patient does not have mitral regurgitation.
Patient has upper GI bleeding
Patient has normal LFTs
Patient has liver disease
the patient has downs syndrome
the patient had a normal prenatal course
the patient has an endocardial cushion defect
the patient has stenosis of an LAD stent
the patient has normal coronary arteries
the patient has chest pain
The patient is on a diuretic and ACE inhibitor
The patient is on no medications
The patient has hypertension and kidney disease
He was tachycardic
He had a fever
His oxygen saturation was 100% on room air
The patient has trouble remembering things
The patient has no problems with memory
The patient has a history of hypertension and smoking
Patient has no uterus
Patient has not had prior interventions
Patient has colon cancer
The patient is no responsive to commands
The patient is alert and oriented
The patient has a history of drug overdose
He has a slow heart rate
He has a rapid heart rate
He is on a beta blocker
The patient had an electrocardiogram performed.
The patient has not had an electrocardiogram.
The patient had chest pain.
The amniotic sac ruptured at delivery
Amniotic fluid was stained with meconium
The delivery was at full term
Patient has tachypnea
Patient has normal vital signs
Patient has dyspnea
The patient had chest pain
The patient denied chest pain, discomfort, or history of cardiac disease
The patient has a history of hypertension
Patient has a fast breathing rate
Patient has normal physical exam
Patient has a PE
White blood cell count was elevated
White blood cell count was normal
He has productive cough and fever
Her husband experienced trauma
She found her husband alert and oriented
Her husband suffered a fall
the patient had a bare metal LAD stent placed
the patient has normal coronary arteries
the patient had an acute MI
The patient has coronary artery disease.
The patient has a normal heart.
The patient has had prior myocardial infarctions.
The patient has a hernia
The patient is status post ventral hernia repair
History of multiple abdominal surgeries
Patient has chronic diseases
Patient has normal HDL and LDL
Patient has elevated triglycerides
Patient is a poor historian
Patient provided history adequately
The patient is comatose
Patient has a high risk pregnancy
Patient has normal US findings
Patient has increased change of birth defects
The patient has not been improving over the past few weeks
The patient has been improving over the past few weeks
The patient has pain and shortness of breath
the patient has multiple chronic illnesses
the patient has no medical history
the patient is elderly
He received antibiotics
He received no antibiotics
He has sepsis
Patient has elevated pulmonary artery pressures
Patient has no tricuspid regurgitation
Patient has normal CXR
He has ongoing venous insufficiency
He has normal venous function
He has a history of DVTs
patient has pulmonary edema
patient has normal electrolytes
patient is immunocompromised
the patient self extubated
the patient was extubated by the clinical team
the patient is an alcoholic
Patient has sepsis
Patient has no bacteremia
Patient has septic shock
The patient has a central venous catheter.
The patient odes not have IV access.
The patient has a chronic infection.
The patient was given medication to prevent brain swelling and seizures.
The patient was not given any medications.
The patient has brain swelling.
He was exposed to a carcinogen
He has had no contact with asbestos
He has pulmonary disease
The patient needs additional workup.
The patient has no medical problems.
The patient has a complicated condition.
The patient requires blood pressure support.
The patient is hypertensive.
The patient is in septic shock.
The patient has an elevated creatinine.
The patient has a normal creatinine.
The patients renal failure is caused by hypovolemia.
his symptoms are not focal
He has focal pain in the right upper quadrant
He has abdominal pain
She received a stem cell transplant
She had no recurrent disease
She has a history of lymphoma
The patient is hypotensive.
The patient is hypertensive.
The patient is having a myocardial infarction.
The patient had a premature baby.
The patient delivered at term.
The patient is at risk for chorioamnitis.
Patient has mostly negative ROS
Patient is comfortable
Patient has a negative examination
An anticoagulant was given
No anticoagulants were given
An anticoagulant was given for pulmonary embolism
The patient has had prior surgery.
The patient has never had surgery before.
The patient has orthostatic hypotension.
Patient has abnormal Chest CT
Patient has normal CXR
Patient has infection
He has a history of difficulty breathing
He has no history of difficulty breathing
He has a history of asthma
Patient has an elevated blood pressure.
The patient has normal blood pressure.
The patient takes a ACE-inhibitor.
Patient has elevated blood pressure
Patient has normal vital signs
Patient has tachycardia
Patient has a chronic medical condition
Patient has no PMH
Patient has HLD
High blood pressure
Normal blood pressure
History of renal disease
Patient has not drank recently
Patient has drank alcohol
Patient has never smoked tobacco
The patient did not develop new neurological defecits during the procedure.
The patient developed neurological deficits during the procedure.
The patient had a neurological surgery.
On antiarrhythmic medication
Normal cardiac function
Atrial  fibrillation
She is hypertensive
She is hypotensive
the patient has pain
She is unwilling to talk
She complains of suicidal ideation
She has a history of depression
the patient has coronary artery disease
patient has normal coronary arteries
patient has diabetes
the patient is hypothyroid
the patient is hyperthyroid
the patient is post thyroid ablation
Patient has alkylosis.
Patient is on room air.
Patient is septic.
the patient has hypertrophic cardiomyopathy
the patient has normal heart morphology
the patient has heart failure
The patient is at risk for further suicide attempts.
The patient has never attempted suicide.
The patient has depression.
the patient has COPD
the patient was treated as an outpatient
the patient is on antibiotics
Patient has intracranial blood
Patient has a negative head CT
Patient has altered mental status
The patients were delivered early.
The pregnancy was a single gestation.
There is concern for twin to twin transfusion.
The patient was treated for breast cancer
No history of cancer
The patient has joint pain in the hands
Patient has chronic medical conditions
Patient has no PMH
Patient has taken medications
There is concern for COPD or pneumonia.
The patient has clear lungs.
The patient has an abnormal chest x ray.
the patient has a history of CABG
the patient has a normal heart
the patient has decreased cardiac output
The patient had difficulty breathing and high blood pressure
The patient had no difficulty breathing
The patient has many chronic medical conditions
the patient is on antibiotics
the patient has no evidence of infection
the patient is septic
there is no nausea
there is nausea
there is no abdominal pain
The patient has a feeding tube
The patient has no feeding tube
The patient has a history of aspiration
Patient has leukocytosis
Patient has normal lab values
Patient has chronically elevated sodium
He underwent cardiac catheterization
No evidence of cardiac disease
He has a history of angina and hypertension
The patient is receiving treatment used to treat pulmonary edema.
The patient is not receiving medication.
The patient has pulmonary edema.
Patient has no cancer
Patient has malignancy
Patient has low hgb
Patient has extensive PMH
Patient has no chronic medical conditions
Patient has pneumonia
The patient complained of pain
The patient denies pain
The patient has a history of arthritis
Her mental status was impaired during her admission
She was alert and oriented during her admission
She was unconscious during her admission
The patient does not have symptoms of acute coronary syndrome.
The patient is having acute chest pain.
The patient is not having a cardiac arrhythmia.
the patient has a normal head CT
the patient has an abnormal head cT
the patient is elderly
Medications stayed the same
Recently discontinued her medications
She is on medication for hypertension
No new significant developments
Several additional events occurred.
No improvement
Ultrasound was unremarkable
Biophysical profile was abnormal
The pregnancy is uncomplicated
The patient has symptoms of reflux and dyspepsia.
The patient has never had symptoms of reflux or dyspepsia.
The patient is taking a proton pump inhibitor.
patient has a GI bleed
patient has normal stool
patient has lower GI bleed
History of cancer
She has no history of cancer
She has metastasis
There is atherosclerosis in the coronary artery
Coronary arteries are patent
History of coronary artery disease and hyperlipidemia
The patient does not have a brain bleed.
The patient has a significant brain bleed.
The patient did not have significant head trauma.
the patient has a history of breast cancer
the patient had positive axillary lymph nodes
the patient had a lumpectomy
The patient has an ascending aortic aneurysm.
The patient has no consideration for surgery.
The patient has aortic stenosis.
patient denies cough
patient has cough
patient is febrile
the patient is hypercarbic
the patient is hypoxic
the patient is acidotic
She had a CT scan of her head
Head CT showed a subdural hematoma
She had a history of head trauma
Patient has a seizure disorder
Patient takes antiepileptic medications
Patient has normal EEG
the patient has been cardioverted
the patient has never been cardioverted
the patient is now in sinus rhythm
There is compression of the heart
No abnormality found in the chest
Patient has recent chest trauma
Patient has weakness
Patient has normal strength
Patient has dizziness
The patient requires supplemental oxygen.
The patient did not need oxygen supplementation.
The patient has a was born prematurely.
The patient’s temperature is low
The patient was febrile
The patient is septic
The patient has lower extremity cellulitis.
The patient does not have an infection.
The patient is has MRSA cellulitis.
No enlarged organs palpated on exam
splenomegaly felt on exam
Abdominal exam is normal
patient has asthma
patient has normal pulmonary function tests
patient has an albuterol inhaler
the patient is a former smoker
the patient continues to smoke
the patient drinks alcohol
concern for opioid overdose
patient is alert
patient is iv drug abuser
The patient is deceased
The patient was treated and discharged home
The patient had terminal cancer
History of cerebral arteriovenous malformation
No history of abnormalities in the brain
History of seizures and headaches
The patient sought emergency medical attention
The patient had no symptoms
The patient was febrile
there is a small amount of free fluid within the abdomen and pelvis
the patient has no free fluid
the patient is bleeding
The patient had a seizure.
The patient has no history of seizure.
The patient has a history of epilepsy.
Patient has CAD
Patient has normal coronary angiogram
Patient has PAD
Patient has positive findings on head CT
Patient has negative ROS
Patient has syncope
the patient is acutely ill
the patient has no complaints
the patient has pain
Prenatal screens were normal
Syphilis screening positive
The mother is up-to-date on all immunizations
The patient is able to detect pain.
The patient is not able to react to pain.
The patient is in a coma.
The patient is hypoxic.
The patient is on room air.
The patient has COPD.
She was agitated and required medical intervention
She was alert and oriented x 3.
History of substance abuse
The patient has elevated blood glucose.
The patient has a normal blood glucose.
The patient is an alcoholic.
the patient has dyspnea
the patient denies shortness of breath
the patient has a pulmonary embolism
Patient is a newborn
Patient is not healthy
Patient is a male
A steroid medication was started
Oxygen saturation was 100%
The patient has a history of COPD
The patient has a sacral wound.
The patient has no wounds.
The patient has a sacral decubitus ulcer.
The patient does not require supplemental oxygen.
The patient requires high flow nasal cannula.
The patient has a pulmonary condition.
The patient is on anticoagulation.
The patient is at a low risk of bleeding.
The patient has an elevated INR.
The patient was started on IV heparin after it was determined that there was no GI bleed.
The patient has a GI bleed.
The patient has acute coronary syndrome.
the patient was febrile
the patient was afebrile
the patient was hypotensive
The patient does not drink alcohol
The patient drinks 1-2 alcoholic drinks per day
the patient doe not use tobacco products
The patient has elevated blood sugars.
The patient has normal blood sugar control.
The patient takes metformin.
The patient has symptoms of a CHF exacerbation.
The patient has no symptoms of a CHF exacerbation.
The patient has is having a CHF exacerbation.
The patient had an episode of hypertension.
The patients blood pressure remained normal.
The hypertension was caused by the pain.
patient is pancytopenic
patient has normal cbc
patient has bruising
patient has aortic stenosis
patient has normal aortic vlavge
patient has bicuspid aortic valve
The patient is having symptoms of unstable angina.
The patient has no symptoms concerning for a myocardial infarction.
The patient has acute coronary syndrome.
The patient was anemic.
The patient has not received any fluid.
The patient has an active hemorrhage.
patient has history of sleep apnea
patient has normal breathing
patient is obese
The patient has congestive heart failure.
The patient has normal lung function.
The patient has a history of cigarette smoking.
the patient has shortness of breath
the patient denies shortness of breath
the patient has pneumonia
His ejection fraction is low
Normal cardiac function
History of hypertension and myocardial infarction
The patient is in critical condition.
The patient is considered elderly.
The patient was previously healthy.
the patient has possible pituitary hemorrhage.
the patient had a normal ct.
the patient is pregnant.
The patient is pregnant.
The patient is not pregnant.
The patient is in premature labor.
She appeared in no acute distress
She was in acute respiratory distress
Her vitals were normal
Patient has no uterus
Patient has not had surgery
Patient has no ovaries
the patient has coronary artery disease
the patient has normal coronary arteries
the patient has heart failure
The patient was treated for infection, anemia, and coagulopathy.
The patient has a normal blood count.
The patient has a GI bleed.
The patient has coronary artery disease
The patient has no cardiac disease
The patient has a history of hypertension and obesity
the patient has a renal transplant
the patient has normal native kidneys
the patient's transplant is functioning
the patient has a scalp laceration
the patient has no evidence of trauma
the patient was in an motor vehicle accident
The patient does not have symptoms of hypotension.
The patient has a ruptured appendix.
The patient is asymptomatic.
Patient has no air in the pleural space
Patient has a large pneumothorax
Patient has normal imaging findings
Tachycardic
Hypertensive
Dehydrated
The patient has end stage renal disease.
The patient has normal kidney function.
The patient has diabetes.
The patient has symptoms of not being able to swallow correctly.
The patient has no symptoms.
The patient has an esophageal carcinoma.
The patient does not have pain
The patient complains of chest pain and difficulty breathing
The patient has a history of drug overdose
the patient is intubated
the patient is on room air
the patient has pneumonia
The patient has a benign brain mass.
The patient has an appendix.
The patient had ovarian cancer.
The patient was moved to a different location.
The patient was not transferred.
The patient required higher level of care.
The patient is being followed for a cardiac condition
Normal cardiac function and anatomy
She has angina and syncope
The patient has had issues with bleeding.
The patient has had no bleeding issues.
The patient had a endoscope guided laser ablation of the ulcer.
The patient has a renal transplant.
The patient has functioning native kidneys.
The patient is immunosuppressed.
Patient has atherosclerosis
Patient has normal vasculature
Patient has low blood pressure
Patient has elevated HCt
Patient has normal Hct
Patient has elevated Hgb
Patient has upper GI bleed
Patient has normal stool hemeoccult test
Patient has abnormal EGD
the patient is scheduled for gastrectomy
the patient is not an operative canidate
the patient has a GIST
Patient has ongoing weakness
Patient has a negative ROS
Patient has lymphoma
He has no double vision
He has recent loss of vision
He has normal visual acuity
Patient has headache
Patient has no symptoms
Patient has double vision
the patient is unresponsive
the patient is alert
the patient has diffuse axonal injury
The patient has frequent bowel movements
The patient denies diarrhea
The patient complains of abdominal pain
Radial pulses were unable to be appreciated on this patient
The patient has bounding pulses
The patient has a history of cardiac diseaes
The patient has never had symptoms of a stroke.
The patient has has multiple strokes.
The patient has never had a stroke.
The patient has both aerobic and anaerobic bacterial coverage.
The patient is not getting antibiotics.
The patient has colitis.
The patient is not having a STEMI.
The patient is having a STEMI.
The patient is having chest pain.
The patient is having a STEMI.
The patient has a normal electrocardiogram.
The patient has coronary artery disease.
Arrhythmia
Regular heart beat
History of hypertension
The patient had shortness of breath.
The patient is unable to make phone calls.
The patient has COPD.
the patient has a high INR
the patient has a normal INR
the patient is bleeding
The patient has dilated bowel without obstruction.
The patient has normal bowel.
The patient had abdominal pain with CT findings concerning for obstruction.
History of hip surgery
No surgical history
History of falls and fractures
The patient has been around sick coworkers
The patient has not been around sick people
The patient has flu-like symptoms
The patient received a thrombolytic drug
The patient received no thrombolytic therapy
The patient has a history of blood clots
patient has GI bleed
patient has normal stools
patient has thrombocytopenia
History of cancer
No history of cancer or impaired lung function
Patient has chronic cough
patient has central line
patient is outpatient
patient swan ganz catheter
The patient has failure to thrive.
The patient has full control of her ADLs.
The patient has dementia.
The patient suffered a major trauma.
The patient has pain without trauma.
The patient has multiple fractures.
The patient has poor renal perfusion.
The patient has normal hemodynamics.
The patient has acute renal failure.
Patient has a history of arrhythmia
Patient has baseline NSR
Patient is in Warfarin
Patient has abnormal imaging
Patient has normal arteries
Patient has severe stenosis versus thrombosis
Patient has had trauma
Patient has appendicitis
Patient has intra-abdominal bleeding
Patient has a chronic medical condition
Patient has negative PMH
Patient takes injectable medications
the patient has NSVT
the patient has normal heart rate
the patient is short of breath
The patient is at risk for a deep vein thrombosis.
The patient has no artificial hardware within the body.
The patient has arthritis of the hip.
Patient has malignancy
Patient has no PSH
Patient has metastatic disease
The patient is hypoxic on room air.
The patient has normal pulmonary function.
The patient requires supplemental oxygen at all times.
The patient has symptoms of shaking.
The patient does not have any abnormal shaking.
The patient has parkinson’s disease.
The patient was found by his wife
The patient has no history of abnormal movements
Patient had a seizure
patient healthy at baseline
patient is chronically ill
patient has normal weight
The patient has a normal ejection fraction.
The patient has a severely depressed ejection fraction.
The patient has had rheumatic heart disease.
Her hematocrit has been 35 previously
Her hematocrit has increased
Her hemoglobin remained unchanged
The patient was hospitalized.
The patient was not hospitalized.
The patient was seen two weeks after discharge.
The patient is on thyroid replacement medication.
The patient has normal thyroid function.
The patient has a history of Hashimoto's thyroiditis.
Neurological exam reveals no abnormalities
Newborn appears limp
Infant’s vitals are within normal limits
The patient has elevated blood sugars.
The patient has widely patent peripheral arteries.
The patient has congestive heart failure.
The patient has acute neurologic deficit.
The patient has a normal neurologic exam.
The patient has an acute stroke.
Patient presenting with diabetic ketoacidosis
Patient has normal metabolic function
Patient has type I diabetes
Multiple medical conditions
No history of pulmonary disease
History of alcohol abuse
Patient has had surgery
Patient has not been intervened on
Patient has not been given general anesthesia
Prenatal screens were normal
Abnormalities found on ultrasound
This is a high risk pregnancy
The patient has a soft tissue mass
THe patient has a normal MRI of the left tibia
the patient has pain
She was treated for high blood pressure
The patient was hypotensive
The patient has a history of seizures
The patient had a cardiac arrest.
The patient has a normally functioning heart.
The patient had a myocardial infarction.
The patient denies throat swelling
the patient has stridor
the patient had an allergic reaction
Symptoms have not changed
Symptoms have gotten worse
There is limited range of motion that has not changed
the patient has no chest pain
the patient has chest pain
the patient has no abdominal pain
There is narrowing of the carotid arteries
The patient has had TIAs and strokes as a result of carotid stenosis
The patient has a history of high blood pressure and cholesterol
Patient was home last night
Patient was inpatient last night
Patient is post op
The patient required further medical care
The patient was discharged home
The patient was hemodynamically stable
History of gastrointestinal symptoms
no history of gastrointestinal disease
History of Helicobacter pylori
The patient has tracheal stenosis.
The patient has a normal caliber airway.
The patient has a history of endotracheal intubation.
She has dyspnea on exertion
She denies shortness of breath
She has congestive heart failure
History of arrhythmia
No history of cancer
History of hypertension
Patient has had a central venous line placed
Patient has no central access
Patient has sepsis
the patient has hematemesis
the patient denies vomiting
the patient has a gastric ulcer
The patient was just born.
The patient had concerning apgars.
The patient was born at term.
The patient has a vascular condition.
The patient has normal arteries.
The patient had a stroke.
The mother had a vaginal delivery.
The mother had a C-section.
The mother had an uncomplicated pregnancy.
The patient has skin problems.
The patient has normal feet.
The patient has a pressure ulcer developing on the foot.
Patient has normal vital signs
Patient has hypertension
Patient has CKD
Patient has negative echo
Patient has pericarditis
Patient has no effusion
The patient has had thoracic surgery.
The patient a normal heart.
The patient takes synthroid.
The patient has symptoms concerning for acute myocardial ischemia.
The patient has no symptoms of coronary artery disease.
The patient is having an NSTEMI.
Patient has low Hit
Patient has elevated hematocrit
Patient has normal Platelets
The patient has a liver tumor.
The patient does not have cancer.
The patient has hepatitis C.
He received blood
He has no history of receiving blood
He sustained trauma
The patient has no symptoms of a urinary tract infection.
The patient acute mesenteric ischemia.
The patient has a normal UA.
Patient has an infection
Patient has a normal chest CT
Patient requires chest tube placement
No muscle pain
Received flu shot this year
Upper respiratory illness
Patient has positive ROS
Patient has no pain
Patient has dyspnea on exertion
Patient has a long standing medical condition
Patient has normal exam
Patient has prior spine MRI
Patient has tachycardia
Patient has normal vitals
Patient has anxiety
Patient has osteoarthritis
Patient has joint infection
Patient has RA
The patient has chest pain which is palliated by sublingual nitroglycerin
The patient has not had chest pain.
The patient has coronary artery disease.
the patient has a normal ejection fraction with diastolic dysfunction
the patient has a normal echocardiogram
the patient has atrial fibrillation
Patient has abnormal echo
Patient has no new symptoms
Patient has low EF
the patient has respiratory distress.
the patient is on room air.
the patient has an abnormal chest x ray.
The patient has a mediastinal drain.
The patient has a normal chest x ray.
The patient is post CABG.
The patient has sequela of cirrhosis.
The patient has no history of bleeding.
The patient has cirrhosis.
He had a change in mental status in the emergency department
He remained alert and oriented x 3 throughout his ED stay
He became confused in the emergency room
She is able to sit upright
She is comatose
She has pain with ambulation
Patient has cardiac arrhythmia
Patient has not had a previous cardiac intervention
Patient has angina
The patient is on 4L of oxygen via nasal cannula
The patient’s oxygen saturation is 100% on room air
The patient has a history of COPD
The patient has episodes of elevated blood sugars.
The patient has normal blood sugars.
The patient takes metformin at home.
patient is lethargic
patient is energetic
patient is septic
The patient has a pulmonary condition.
The patient has normal lungs.
The patient has interstitial lung disease.
patient failed independent living
patient is able to perform all activities of daily living
patient has recent stroke
The patient was given empiric antibiotics.
The patient did not receive antibiotics.
The patient was hypotensive.
The patient has acute positional buttock pain.
The patient has no chronic pain.
The patient has a herniated disc.
Pregnancy was complicated by rupture of the amniotic sac
Pregnancy was uncomplicated
Premature rupture of membranes
Patient has pneumonia
Patient has normal CBC
Patient has COPD
The patient is at risk for aspiration.
The patient is not nauseated.
The patient would benefit from zofran.
She had discomfort with urination
She had no urinary symptoms
She had pelvic pain
blood was drawn to test for possible infection
Cultures were not performed
The patient has a fever
the patient had a cerclage placed.
the patient had an uncomplicated pregnancy.
the baby was born premature.
The patient has reduced lung volumes.
The patient has normal lung function.
The patient has COPD.
The patient has a malignancy.
The patient does not have a malignancy.
The patient has colon cancer.
The patient does not have tuberculosis.
The patient has active tuberculosis.
The patient has a negative PPD.
History of bleeding around the brain
No history of head bleeds
The patient is on a blood thinner
The patient has altered mental status.
The patient has normal mentation.
The patient has a toxic metabolic derangement.
Patient has extensive PMH
Patient has no knee pain
Patient has PAD
The patient has acute neurologic symptoms.
The patient has a normal neurologic exam.
The patient is having a stroke.
History of englarged prostate
No history of difficulty urinating
History of elevated PSA
The patient had a C-section.
The patient had a vaginal delivery.
The patient had a pre-term delivery.
The patient has history of cancer
No history of cancer or surgeries
The patient has had chemotherapy
the patient is a newborn
the patient is the oldest child
the patient has normal birth weight
The patient has a blood clot
The clot was removed
The patient is not on anticoagulants
Patient has a chronic condition
Patient has no complaints
Patient requires intervention
The patient has a pancreatic dysfunction.
The patient has no insulin requirements.
The the patient has an elevated hemoglobin A1c.
The patient’s blood pressure is elevated.
The patient is not at increased risk for coronary artery disease.
The patient takes an antihypertensive.
Her bicarbonate level is low
Her bicarbonate level is normal
She has diarrhea
The patient is febrile.
The patient is afebrile.
The patient has pneumonia.
The patient has a history of smoking.
The patient had
The patient is had an MI.
the patient has diarrhea
the patient has constipation
the patient has C diff
Apgar scores were normal
Apgar scores were critically low
Pregnancy and delivery was uncomplicated
The patient has chest pain.
The patient has not taken any medication.
The patient is having a myocardial infarction.
Temperature is elevated
There is no risk for sepsis
The patient has sepsis
History of drug abuse
No history of drug abuse
History of drug overdose
The patient has a nasogastric tube.
The patient does not have an enteric tube.
The patient has an ileus.
He had pain for several hours
His pain resolved with rest
He has chronic pain
The patient has had a trauma.
The patient did not have a trauma.
The patient will have a CT brain and C-spine.
The patient had altered mental status.
The patient had no cognitive impairment.
The patient had hospital induced delerium.
Patient has an unknown source of infection
Patient has not received IV medications
Patient has sepsis
The patient weighs less than expected.
The patient is large for gestational age.
The patient has a congenital condition.
The patient had bladder surgery.
The patient has a normal bladder.
The patient had bladder cancer.
The patient does not have symptoms of gastroenteritis.
The patient has gastroenteritis.
The patient does not have an infection.
EKG is abnormal
EKG is normal
The patient has a history of heart disease
The patient has coronary artery disease.
The patient has normal coronary arteries.
The patient is taking a statin.
patient has a cough
patient has no shortness of breath
patient has pneumonia
Patient has abdominal pain
Patient has negative ROS
Patient has GERD
His bruising has not gotten worse in the last few months
His bruising has gotten worse in the last few months
He is on Aspirin
Her pulmonary wedge pressure dropped to within normal range
Her pulmonary wedge pressure remained high
The patient has a history of pulmonary edema
The patient has a history of rhogam treatment.
The patient is nulliparous.
The patient has multiple children.
The patient has a systemic inflammatory response.
The patient has no IV access.
The patient has bacteremia.
Patient has negative ROS
Patient has fevers
Patient has normal physical exam
Patient has hypotension
Patient has negative physical exam
Patient has tachycardia
The patient does not have chest pain.
The patient has chest pain.
The patient does not have a pulmonary embolism.
History of pulmonary disease
The patient has no chronic diseases
The patient is on 2L of home oxygen
the patient has pregnancy induced hypertention
the pregnancy was uncomplicated
there was intrauterine growth restriction
He has coronary artery disease
He has no heart disease
He has a history of high blood pressure and cholesterol
Patient has incomplete history
Patient has negative ROS and exam
Patient has confusion
the patient has diabetes
the patient has normal blood sugars
the patient is obese
patient denies signs of CHF
patient has symptoms of CHF
patient has hypertension
The patient has a tick.
The patient does not have a neuropsychological disorder.
The patient had tourettes.
Patient has dyspnea at night
Patient has no shortness of breath
Patient has CHF
She has nighttime diaphoresis
She denies fever, chills, night sweats
She has cancer
patient has night sweats
the patient denies night sweats
the patient has cancer
The patient has coronary artery disease.
The patient has never experienced chest pain.
The patient has heart failure.
The patient required respiratory support.
The patient does not require respiratory support.
The patient has copious oropharyngeal secretions.
Patient has CAD
Patient has never had surgery
Patient has three vessel CAD
Bullous pemphigus is a skin condition with an autoimmune etiology.
The patients has no autoimmune conditions.
The patient is covered with blisters.
the patient denies blood in stool
the patient has melena
the patient has anemia
He had an elevated temperature
He was afebrile
He has influenza
The pregnancy is high-risk
The mother receives routine obstetric care
The mother has multiple chronic medical conditions
Patient had prior anemia
Patient has no history of low Hgb
Patient has normal HCT after transfusion
He underwent surgery to treat part of the biliary tree
ERCP revealed normal biliary tree anatomy
He had a history of jaundice
Patient is worked up for infection
No suspicion of infection
The patient has a fever
Patient has fever of unknown origin
Patient has no central line placed
Patient has abnormal vital signs
Patient has symptoms
Patient has no symptoms
Patient has syncope
lungs are clear on exam
patient has crackles bilaterally
normal heart sounds
the patient was unresponsive
the patient has normal baseline function
the patient had a cardiac arrest
Patient has fallen
Patient has negative ROS
Patient had a STEMI
the patient has a recent fall
the patient denies falls
the patient has a hip fracture
The patient has an abdominal wall fascial defect.
The patient does not have an abdominal wall fascial defect.
The patient is obese.
The patient recently delivered a baby.
The patient has findings concerning for chorioamnionitis.
The baby does not have a fever.
The patient has diabetes.
The patient has no chronic illness.
The patient has diabetic neuropathy.
The patient is on a beta-blocker.
The patient is febrile.
The patient has congestive heart failure.
the patient has coronary artery disease
the patient has normal coronary arteries
the patient has stable angina
The patient was treated for bleeding from the gastrointestinal tract
The patient has no history of GI bleed
Patient had hematemesis and anemia
She required antimicrobial drugs in pregnancy
She had no indications for antibiotics
She tested positive for group B strep bacteria
The patient an abnormal pulmonary exam.
The patient has a normal pulmonary exam.
The patient was recently born.
The patient has normal potassium.
The patient is hypokalemic.
The patient is on diueretics.
She complains of pain
She denies pain
She has a recent history of heavy lifting
The patient has a malignancy.
The patient has no history of cancer.
The patient has pneumonia.
Patient has trouble breathing
Patient has normal O2 sat
Patient has PE
She required intensive care
She was discharged home
She required intubation
Type two diabetes does not mean that a patient requires subcutaneous insulin.
Type two diabetes is caused by an autoimmune process.
Patient with type 2 diabetes are overweight.
Creatinine is within normal limits
Creatinine is high
The patient has no history of kidney disease
The patient is not experiencing pain.
The patient is in severe pain.
The patient is taking pain medication.
The patient experienced a fall at night.
The patient slept through the night.
The patient is at risk of having a femur fracture.
The patient is pregnant.
The patient is not pregnant.
The patients fetus is in distress.
Patient has aphasia
Patient has normal neurological examination
Patient has evidence of a TIA
The patient has multiple chronic illnesses
The patient is anti coagulated.
The patient has atrial fibrillation.
patient has abnormal breathing
patient has no respiratory complaints
patient is seeing a pulmonologist
Patient has mitral prolpase
Patient has normal echo
Patient has CHF
He is on 2 liters of oxygen at home
He is on no home oxygen
He has COPD
Patient has subjective fevers
Patient has negative ROS
Patient has a UTI
He required further medical attention
His symptoms resolved and he was discharged home
He has severe abdominal pain
Patient has negative ROS
Patient has pain
Patient has negative examination
patient has bibasilar opacities
patient has normal chest x ray
patient has atelectasis
She does not have appendicitis
She has acute appendicitis
Normal gastrointestinal function
The patient has no significant medical conditions
The patient has a history of heart disease
The patient has no surgical history or allergies
The patient claims to have alcohol consumption levels compatible with alcoholism.
The patient claims to not consume alcohol.
The patient has cirrhosis.
The patient required access for rapid infusion.
The patient does not have intravascular access.
The patient is hypotensive.
Patient has dyspnea
Patient has normal oxygenation
Patient has chest pain
The patient’s respiratory rate was high
The patient’s vitals were normal
The patient has pulmonary disease
the patient has dark urine
the patient is in his usual state of health
the patient has hematuria
Patient has negative respiratory exam
Patient has poor O2 saturations
Patient has normal ROS
She did not have vomiting with this episose
She had vomiting and dyspnea with this episode
She denied pain with this episode
Patient has abnormal ejection fraction
Patient has a normal echo
Patient has pulmonary edema
He had nausea and left upper quadrant abdominal pain
He had no nausea over the weekend
He had gastroenteritis
The patient received a stress test
Stress test was normal
The patient has a history of myocardial infarction
The patient has an arrhythmia
On telemetry he was found to be in normal sinus rhythm
The patient has shortness of breath
Mother of infant is 23 years old
Mother is gravida II para I to II
Delivery was uncomplicated
The patient has signs of heart failure.
The patient denies shortness of breath.
The patient has pulmonary edema.
The patient has symptoms of an infection.
The patient is asymptomatic.
The patient has meningitis.
She has a history of shortness of breath
She has no history of respiratory problems
She has COPD
Multiple medical conditions
The patient has no surgical history
The patient is on a proton pump inhibitor
The mother had high blood pressure during pregnancy
Mother’s blood pressure was normal
She has a history of preeclampsia
the patient had cardiac arrest
the patient did not lose conciousness
the patient has brain injury
the patient had a normal EKG
the patient has a STEMI
the patient has chest pain
patient has emesis
patient denies vomiting
patient has gi bleed
Patient has positive ROS
Patient has no symptoms
Patient has sinusitis
patient has carotid artery disease
patient has normal carotid arteries
patient has hypercholersterolemia
The patient has had times with high blood pressure.
The patient suffers from hypotension.
The patient takes an antihypertensive.
Rupture of the amniotic sac occurred several hours before delivery
Rupture of amniotic sac occurred shortly before delivery
Pregnancy was uncomplicated
Patient has evidence of infection
Patient has normal vital signs
Patient has a UTI
The patient is short of breath.
The patient denies shortness of breath.
The patient has a pulmonary embolism.
Patient has abnormal CT abdomen fidnings
Patient has no omental mass or nodules
Patient has cancer
Patient has had multiple chronic conditions
Patient has not had abdominal imaging
Patient has abdominal pain
History of drug abuse
No history of drug abuse
History of drug overdose
Patient has negative ROS
Patient has severe abdominal symptoms
Patient has negative exam
The patient has a mental problem.
The patient has a normal mental status.
The patient received a CT scan during work up.
She has had 2 pregnancies
She has had no pregnancies
She received fertility treatment
The patient is unable to think and interact normally.
The patient has normal mentation.
The patient had a stroke.
The patient has no difficulty breathing
The patient has chest pain
The patient has a history of heart disease
patient has gun shot wound
patient denies trauma.
patient is hemodynamically unstable.
Patient is able to communicate
The patient is comatose
The patient has had head trauma
the patient is febrile and hypotensive
the patient has normal vitals
the patient has bacteremia
The patient has improved abdominal pain.
The patient denies abdominal pain.
The patient had pancreatitis.
Patient has negative ROS
Patient has active infection
Patient has normal exam
Patient has low BP
Patient has normal exam
Patient has dehydration
The patient has a left upper extremity DVT.
The patient has no indication for anticoagulation
The patient has a clotting disorder.
the patient had a suspected seizure
the patient has no history of altered mental status
the patient has epilepsy
The patient had a prior surgery.
The patient has never had a surgery.
The patient is at risk for blood born infections.
the patient has cellulitis of the foot
the patient has no infection
the patient has diabetes
Patient has signs of a stroke
Patient has normal speech
Patient has CAD
Patient has severe hypertension
Patient has normal vital signs
Patient requires ICU care
The patient is at risk for cholecystitis.
The patient has biliary colic.
The patient has a high fat diet.
The patient has an acute intracranial hemorrhage.
The patient has a normal brain.
The patient had a hypertensive hemorrhage.
the patient has pain
the pain radiates to the arm
the patient has chest pain
The patient has had thoracic surgery.
The patient has not have thoracic surgery.
The patient has an empyema.
the patient had abnormal stress test.
the patient had a negative stress test.
the patient had an exercise stress test.
He has abnormal breath sounds on exam
He has a normal respiratory exam
He has pneumonia
The patient was last known normal at 9:30 pm.
The patient the patient was has not been known normal for greater than 48 hours.
The patient had a stroke.
Patient has chronic medical condition
Patient has no dyspnea
Patient has asthma
Patient is febrile
Patient has septic shock
Patient has an acute infection
The patient had musculoskeletal pain.
The patient did not have symptoms of a muscular strain.
The pain was not bad enough to cause the patient to receive medical care.
the patient has an antibiotic allergy
the patient has no allergies
the patient has cellulitis
the patient has a history of head trauma
the patient has no history of trauma
the patient has an intracranial hemorrhage
Patient has a renal mass
Patient has no renal mass
Patient has metastatic disease
The patient suffered a fall
The patient lost consciousness after the fall
The patient’s x-rays revealed no fractures
the patient has a difficult extubation
the patient is a good surgical candidate
the patient is obese
Patient has abnormal fetal ultrasound
Patient has a normal amount of amniotic fluid
Patient has a high risk pregnancy
The patient does not have edema.
The patient has edema.
The patient has congestive heart failure.
Patient has been transfused
Patient has requires to additional RBCs
Patient has anemia
Blood was identified at the level of the rectum.
Bright blood per rectum is mot often seen in gastric ulcer disease.
Bright blood per rectum is the finding of a lower GI bleed.
Patient has angina
Patient has no angina
Patient has CAD
The patient was hospitalized.
The patient was not hospitalized.
The patient was discharged to a skilled nursing facility.
the patient has chronic back pain
the patient denies back pain
the patient has a history of spinal fusion
The patient was volume resuscitated.
The patient has a normal lactate.
The patient was septic.
The patient would benefit from a statin.
The patient would benefit from a high fat diet.
The patient is obese.
the patient has abnormal bones
the patient has normal bones
the patient has multiple myeloma
Abnormality in the vertebra in the lumbar spine
No history of orthopedic problems
History of osteoporosis and back pain
Patient has cirrhosis
Patient has normal GFR
Patient has elevated Cr
She received radiation
She received no treatment
She has a brain tumor
The patient was transferred for a higher level of care.
The patient was only treated at home.
The patient requires specialized consultation.
the patient is status post CABG
the patient has normal coronary arteries
the patient has chest pain
The patient does not have symptoms of an acute abdominal bleed.
The patient has an acute caustic ingestion injury.
The patient does not have any gastrointestinal symptoms.
the patient has a brain tumor
the patient has a normal head CT
the patient has a GBM
The has red blood cells in his urine.
The patient has clear urine.
The patient is immunocompromised.
The patient has multiple a cardiac problems.
The patient has a normal heart.
The patient has shortness of breath with walking.
Patient has had prior infection
Patient has negative past medical history
Patient has URI
The patient is anticoagulated.
The patient has a subtherapeutic INR.
The patient has afib.
The patient has an abnormally abnormal heart rate.
The patient has a regular heart rate.
The patient is taking anticoagulation medication.
History of heart surgery
No history of cardiac surgery
History of strep throat
Coronary heart disease
No cardiac abnormalities
History of obesity and smoking
The patient is anemic.
The patient has a normal hemaglobin.
The patient does not have a GI bleed.
The patient has an arrhythmia.
The patient has a normal cardiac rate and rhythm.
The patient was given too much metoprolol.
The patient is afebrile.
The patient has severe sepsis.
The patient is not septic.
Abdominal exam could not be completed
Abdominal exam revealed no organomegaly
The patient has a history of alcohol abuse
there is no free air in the abdomen
there is intraperitoneal free air
the patient has abdominal pain
She requires intensive care
She was discharged home
She sustained trauma
History of congestive heart failure.
Patient has normal cardiac function.
Patient has pulmonary edema.
Patient has a negative ROS
Patient has an acute infection
Patient has no pneumonia
She will receive enteral nutrition
She is receive nutrition by mouth
She had a stroke
A lumbar puncture would be dangerous.
The patient has no history of malignancy.
The patient has neurological symptoms.
the patient is on nasal cannula
the patient is intubated
the patient has COPD
Chest x-ray was abnormal
Chest x-ray was normal
The patient complained of dyspnea and chest pain
Patient has elevated glucose
Patient has normal LDL
Patient has elevated Hgb A1c
the patient has pain
the patient denies pain
the patient has back pain
Patient has normal tromponins
Patient has ST elevations
Patient has normal EKG
The patient has recently had an infection.
The patient has no history of infection.
The patient has been on recent antibiotics.
The patient had low oxygen saturation levels
The patient’s saturation levels have been 100% on room air
The patient has a history of smoking
At baseline, the patient performs activities of daily living.
The patient cannot perform her activities of daily living at baseline.
The patient is confused
The patient is pregnant.
The patient does not have IV access.
The patient has preeclampsia.
The patient has symptoms of a stroke.
The patient has no neurological symptoms.
The patient had a stroke.
patient has headaches with neuorologic deficits.
patient has no neurologic complaints
patient has migraines
The patient has a bleed.
The patient has a normal HCT.
The patient has a GI bleed.
the patient has a small bowel obstruction
the patient has normal caliber small bowel
the patient has adhesions
The patient has cirrhosis.
The patient has a normal liver.
The patient has hepatitis C.
patient has an upper gi bleed
patient has had prior upper gi bleeds
patient has a gastric ulcer
Patient is being evaluated for pancreatic abnormality
Normal gastrointestinal function
The patient has pancreatic cancer
The patient's pain was controlled at discharge
The regimen was unsuccessful in controlling the patient's pain
The patient has chronic pain
The patient did not have fully formed lungs.
The baby was born at term.
The patient is low for gestational age.
The patient has two peripheral intravenous catheters in place.
The patient has no IV access.
The patient is receiving IV fluids.
She was given a beta blocker
She is bradycardic
She has a history of arrhythmia
The patient has abdominal pain
The patient denies abdominal pain
The patient has a history of obesity
The patient is at high risk for a urinary tract infection given the chronic indwelling catheter.
The patient is able to urinate without intervention.
The patient has BPH.
The patient does not have symptoms of strep throat.
The patient has recently traveled to Kenya.
The patient does not have strep throat.
The patient is critically ill.
The patient has chest pain.
The patient is septic.
the patient was hypotensive
the patient was hypertensive during the procedure
the patient responded to resuscitation
The patient has had abdominal surgery.
The patient has no history of prior surgery.
The patient has had appendicitis.
The patient has a variceal hemorrhage
The patient has no abnormal bleeding
The patient has a history of cirrhosis
The patient has anemia.
The patient has a normal hematocrit.
The patient has iron deficiency anemia.
She was given antibiotics
She was given antibiotics, then discharged
She has an intra-abdominal infection
The patient has a poorly functioning heart.
The patient has a normal ejection fraction.
The patient has coronary artery disease.
No neonatal sepsis
History of necrotizing enterocolitis
Delivery was at full term and uncomplicated
Patient has been hypotensive
Patient has been discharged
Patient has had sepsis and shock
The patient is bacteremic.
The patient does not have bacteria in the blood stream.
The patient would benefit from IV vancomycin.
Patient has normal MMSE
Patient has extensive positive ROS
Patient has dyspnea on exertion
Patient has CAD
Patient has normal arteries
Patient has PAD
patient has a history of breast cancer
patient has no history of cancer
patient has had mastectomy
Patient has serious medical issues
Patient can be discharged home
Patient requires high level monitoring
Patient has alcoholism
Patient has negative social history
Patient has cirrhosis
Patient has no MI
Patient has a large MI
Patient has no PE
Patient recently had an infection
Patient has had normal renal function
Patient recently had pharyngitis
Patient was treated for cancer
No history of cancer
Patient has a family history of lymphoma
Patient has extensive PMH
Patient has normal ejection fraction
Patient has PAD
There was a complication during his cardiac procedure
The patient has no history of cardiac disease
He has a history of hypertension
The patient received an IV blood thinner
The patient’s heart rate was normal
The patient has a history of atrial fibrillation and stroke
The patient was started on wide spectrum antibiotics.
The patient has not had any blood cultures grow bacteria.
The patient has a catheter squared infection.
Beta blocker medication
The patient is on no medication
The patient has hypertension
The patient has a retroperitoneal bleed.
The patient does not have a bleed.
The patient is on anticoagulation.
Patient has evidence of ventricular wall motion abnormalities
Patient has normal echo
Patient has had a STEMI
No history of epilepsy
History of epilepsy
No neurological disease
Patient is pregnant
Patient is not pregnant
Patient has DVT
The patient is unable to breath for herself.
The patient is able to breath on her own.
The patient has a GCS below 9.
patient has a positive stress test
patient had a negative stress test
patient has high grade coronary stenosis
The patient has a two liver lesions.
The patient has no lesions within the liver.
The patient has lesions that are likely benign.
The patient required intensive medical care
The patient was discharged home
The patient was hypotensive
The patient has liver disease
The patient has normal liver function
The patient has jaundice
The spray is to be administered when needed.
The pray is to be administered intravenously.
The spray is for a dry nasal cavity.
Patient previously had no symptoms
Patient has positive ROS
Patient has a negative abdominal CT exam
the patient has an acute MI
the patient has a normal EKG
cardiac cath is planned
Patient has an intervention planned
Patient has no liver disease
Patient has colon cancer
The patient has pneumonia.
The patient is not infected.
The patient has sepsis.
Patient has elevated blood pressure
Patient has normal vision
Patient has hip pain
The patient sustained head trauma
The patient was admitted for motor vehicle accident
The patient is hemodynamically stable
The patient has symptoms concerning for an intracranial bleed.
The patient has a low HDL.
The patient had a hypertensive hemorrhage.
The patient has had prior thoracic surgery.
The patient does not have congestive heart failure.
The patient is having a myocardial infarction.
the patient has an STEMI
the patient has a normal EKG
the patient has chest pain
He is unable to provide an adequate history
He is able to provide an accurate history and is a good historian
He is obtunded
The patient has schizophrenia.
The patient has no psychiatric history.
The patient has problems with self care.
patient has twin pregnacy
patient has fertility treatments
patient has advanced maternal age
Patient has lower GI bleeding
Patient has normal occult stool heme test
Patient has normal HCT
patient has a low APGAR score
patient had a normal delivery
patient has hypoxic brain injury
the patient is a twin
the patient had a low risk gestation
the patient has low birth weight
The patient is anemic.
The patient has not had a nuclear medicine test.
The patient has an active bleed.
The patient reported bloody discharge during pregnancy
Pregnancy was uncomplicated
She has a history of spontaneous abortion
